My second time being ripped off by the delivery guy. He called the receiver,my mom on how to get to our house and he was given clear instructions and he also asked our neighbor to point the house. He was seen leaving the area without delivering the package. I got a noticed the item was delivered and the signature as a proof of delivery is not my mom's. Crook guy! The package is for an old woman. 
Im going to stop buying from Lazada.
THEY DID NOT DELIVER MY ORDERED ITEM WHICH IS I ALREADY PAID!!!!!!!... AFTER THE DELIVERY DATE EXPIRES, I FILED FOR REFUND, THERE POLICY ARE VERY CLEAR THAT THEY ARE GOIN TO PROCESS WITHIN 24 HOURS, BUT WHAT HAPPENED THAT PIST ME OFF IS THAT ITS ALREADY 4TH DAY OF WAITING STILL THEY DID NOT GIVE MY REFUND IN MY WALLET!.. SO, I CHATTED THEM AGAIN SO MANY TIMES BECAUSE I REALLY GET ANGRY... COZ ITS SO MUCH DELAYED!! I TOLD THEM THAT I ORDERED ANOTHER PHONE BUT THE SAME ITEM AND NOW ITS CASH ON DELIVERY SO I NEED MY REFUND IMMEDIATLEY AND ITS ON ITS WAY FOR DELIVERY. 

Bad website don't work good , help, only bot for help chat, sellers that don't have products.
Lazada should track down their bad guys as well. 
Im going to stop buying from Lazada.
He was seen leaving the area without delivering the package. 
Poor customer service and no updates on the item.
so far good experience! their delivery is secure but ive found some items that are fraudulent. hopefully they can fix it soon
I didn't receive what I have ordered! I bought a television during their sale; instead, I received a make-up kit. I tried messaging their customer support, but there are no actions up until now. Please do something about this.
Literally the worst fcking courier ever!
Nag aantay pa atang mapuno ng parcel yung delivery truck nila bago mag move forward.
Nawala nila parcel ko. Hindi na matrace.


Agent can not help locating a shipement, speaks like a robot with formatted answers. App has just his title translated in English. As soon as you have problem you have to speak Thaï otherwise nobody is able to help. Very frustrating experience. Try at your own risk. Very expensive delivery fee well above Lazada. First and last time I use Shopee. I’ll go back to Lazada which is much more professional.
Dumb F-king b-itch support. Order not delivered, shopee keeps asking more information. It clearly says the order was not delivered, yet they ask my ID, other. Why can't they just refund? Case 133075080
bulok na courier. na arrange ako ng pick up sa shopee halos 3 days bago kunin yung parcel dito samin
Nawala nila parcel ko. Hindi na matrace
“Ninja” Van tas ambagal???????? Turtle Van to dapat eh. Yung order ko hanggang ngayon, wala pa din.

With my experience so far, they have the best and cheapest deal, the delivery will take some time but it's worth it. :)
Good Job and Fast Delivery
Sobrang tagal nasa qc na yung parcel updating pa din ng mesurement iisang item lng dalawang araw ng updating pa din ng measurement
Ang bilis dumating ng box q,inaasahan q 41 day xa mkkarating pero in 17days ntanggap
seller shipped the wrong item. it was a miracle that they processed the return. but i have to pay for return shipping which costs more than the actual item. you have to go through hoops to fix their mistake, shopee customer service is of no help either. they tire you out hoping you'll just give up.
the service is really good and fast delivery, love it!
Thank you so much po kay manong delivery man. Earliest time naman nadeliver yung parcel ko.
Bulok puta ETA june 8 june 12 na wala paren parcel ko hahahaha #neveragain
Suuuuuuuper rude delivery man.
Smooth and quick transactions with lots of discounts, freedelivery, and promos.


They always stock the deliveries on their hub, they don't deliver it right away this service sucks, I hope shopee changes courrier
I cancelled plans when I received their auto-generated delivery notice. I waited and nobody came. No contact from rider as well.
I have waited too long for my order to arrive only to find out delivery attempt were made but there was no one knocks on our gate. It clearly states on my order I used my home address but was showing there customer are not in location office.
texted me that they will deliver my parcel for its 2nd attempt. I waited for the rider to call and come the whole day but didn't even call nor text me.
Worst online shopping portal i have come across. Delivery not good and products are delivered broken and shoppee does nothing to help. Further more the customer service is horrible and they drag your matter so that you give up and let it go.
Yong iba napakademanding pa ee door to door naman yong type of service gusto talaga meet up makakagastos ka pa ng pamasahe imbis magtipid. Yong iba ang dami pang sinasabi bago i-deliver lalo na kung naka out of town ka bigla sila pa maygana na i-cancel nalang kung di makukuha at the end of the day para di hassle sa part daw nila. Kala mo naman hindi emergency yong inuwian. Yawa.
Ninjavan and its riders sucks, they would tell you that they tried to deliver but you are not around, but the truth is they did not attempt tapos macacancel na order mo.
The riders are so rude and they have the guts to call themselves friendly riders. Instead of explaining they are shouting at their customers on the phone.

Professional riders, fast delivery, overall amazing service! (At least here in Cebu City) Under lockdown parin lugar namin pero matatapang mga delivery men ng J&T. Magte-text talaga sa iyo.
they will attempt to deliver my VERY EXPENSIVE Razer BlackWidow Elite. THEY NEVER CAME and it was also a failed delivery
Ni hindi manlang tumawag sakin na nasa kanto na namin yung parcel ko tapos bigla nalang siya nagtxt na iiwan na nya nalang daw yung parcel ko sa checkpoint namin like the fuck ??? Ngunit nabayaran ko na online sya na magdedecide kung saan nya iiwan yung ORDER KO ? Tapos ni walang kagalang galang sa customer like ang sabi lang “David iwan ko nalang dito sa checkpoint nyo yung order mo” feeling close ampt , sya nga sini-SIR ko pa at pwede ba kako sa nalang idaan at pagawi din naman sya don tapos wala ng reply napakawalang kwenta ampt
They are bad and good in lying they only deliver only once and no try to attempt to redeliver very bad service better this company will better close now.
Kung pwede lang sana 0 star i-rate ko dito, ginawa ko na. Magsara nalang kaya kayo.
Trash service. Rescheduled for the second time, home all day, parcel didn't arrive (at this point its 11pm) and they didn't knock or ring the bell. I get a notification that the parcel delivery is unsuccessful
Walang update kung saang planeta napadpad yung parcel ko.
The same date the package is returned to sender. And 8:32 the package has reached the maximum number of allowable delivery attempts and will be returned to sender. They didn't attempt to deliver your package.
THIS DELIVERY COMPANY SUCKS,. after 1 month I received my item.
Horrible attitude, always naggy or grumpy whenever they deliver items. Extra lip service is not needed, just leave the items at the doorstep, thank you.


Scam company. Useless customer support. Either courier stole my package or did not ask for verification before handin over the package to another person.
SUPER LATE AT NIGHT NIYA INATTEMP MAG DELIVER AT KASALANAN KO BA KUNG NAG RESIGN YUNG DRIVER NA ASSIGNED SA AREA NAMIN?? JUSKO AT SABI NIYA MORNING NALANG DAW EH TANG INA ANONG ORAS NA WALA PA...MYGAD
Incompetent! Estimated delivery ko June 8-11 pero june 10 na di nyo pa rin kinukuha sa kanila. Sinayang nyo 4 days tapos walang nangyari
Ninja Van is never true to their words. Worst courier ever. Riders are also impatient and mean.
WARNING !!! - DON'T EVER EVER USE NINJA VAN AS YOUR COURIER!
Palaging bulok ang sistema nyo. Tapos without an update bigla na lang unsuccessful delivery due to inaccurate address eh wala ngang sumubok magdala.
Ang tatamad pa ng rider, gusto pang ako ang lumabas kase di raw mahanap bahay namin even I already gave him a direction via call?! Magsara na kayo! Ang pangit ng serbisyo nyo.
The worst courier everrrrrrrr!!!ANG PAPANGIT NG APPROACH SA CUSTOMER PARANG UGALING KANTO !!!!!!!
It always takes them so slow to deliver compared to other companies
Nothing beats ninjavan as the worst courier. Ang bagal mag deliver, seller na nag apologize sa bagal ng delivery. And I encountered rude driver before. Like rude talaga, hindi takoy ma report, nakikipag away pa sa customer.
they don't even deserve a star ^_^ plusss their employees aren't nice, matagalan ka lang ng konti mamatahan and susungitan ka na? lol nahiya akong hindi niyo dinedeliver on time mga parcels ha
It always takes them so slow to deliver compared to other companies
Palging nag-aattempt to out for delivery, pero fail to deliver pa rin!! I am very dissapointed!! 
"    NinjaTurtleVan
Hindi sa paninira pero totoong mabagal. Sobra ninja pa naman kayo. Daoat sa inyo turtlevan ang name"
Worst courier service in the Philippines.
From Feb. 11 until now still in warehouse my parcel..Almost 3 weeks in warehouse sortation no update.
WORST EVER, FROM PASAY TO MARILAO, 1MONTH? MY GOODNESS
Grabe ang bilis iship ng seller pero 2 days na binubulok ng ninjavan sa warehouse nila. Wala ng silbi ung item if di un makarating sakin sa 28. Umay na ninjavan. Wala lang ibang choices pero never ko pipiliin to. Pakapangit ng service
Grabe tong ninja van kabagal bulok unlike j&t amblis bulok. Ayusin nyo service nyo, mga pagong.
Slow. Inaccurate. Unprofessional peeps, you’ll all find it here.
Wala pa ring update sa order ko, antagal baka winala niyo na parcel ko
Such a lousy delivery
Per your delivery guy, my package was stolen. My money earned going to waste. Just reported it to the online store I bought the items from. They’re investigating the case. :(
Snail delivery
Napaka tagal dumating lagpas na sa date
They held my package for more than 2 weeks in their warehouse. No movement. No nothing. A prevalent problem, go look into their FB Page.
Bakit niyo winala ung package ko :((
keep up the good work! pati communication good na sila cinocontact ka na ng nag deliver keep up the good work!
No updates, slow, nauna pa dumatung ang parcel ko from overseas. Kung natutulog lang kayo sa mga warehouse nyo shut down na kayu natutulog din kasi service nyo
Super bagal ng delivery, 1 day per location ang system. Sana tanggalin sa shoppe ang Ninja Van kakairita
Pasalamat kayo binigyan ko kayong ng 1 star. Lampas 1 week na kami naghihintay ng parcel namin tapos wla mn lang update kung nasaan na sila or what. Yung kapitbahay ko na nag order ng the same product (pero mas nauna ako mag order but i used the ninja van delivery) ginamit nya yung jnt express tapos mas nauna nya nakuha yung inorder nya. isang example lang yan ng sobrang bagal ng service. I hope i improve nyo to or mas better kung magsara na. kawawa kaming mga buyer dito.
Good Job and Fast Delivery
First was said items on the way and the day before delivery item is missing na! Never made it pala Manila to Cebu. Please! Investigate your staffs as it will bring a very bad name to this Company! I want further investigation to the handlers of the items you will hear this in Tulfo!
Other courier received parcel to seller on next day buyer already received the parcel,but ninja van are too slow,our parcel sleeping many days.
Parcel update not specific
WORST. USELESS. DISAPPOINTING. IMPOSSIBLE. #shutdownninjavan
Super Bagal ung logistic na ito.. tinangal ko na cla sa shopee store ko..nakakasira ng negosyo.. almost 2 weeks sa hub walng movemnt ang parcel. Hinde rin cla na rereply sa email.. ito ln ang ninja na mabagal sa lahat , nakaka suka kayo

Hindi safe ang parcel pag sila ang courier. Mabagal pa ang process. Walang update, wag na isama yan sa mga option ng delivery sa mga online shops like shopee or lazada. Wala kwentang courier.
based on my experience entrego is a reliable courier. Thanks entrego.
Delivery time not accurate. Mindanao deliveries is supposed to be max of 9 days, but parcel arrived almost 2 weeks after. Expected delivery date cannot be trusted. Better improve on your service please.
ninjavan iloilo fix your system!!!! review your policies!!!! ang rude ng riders niyo. do you have a time limit for which the riders within that range can wait for the customer and if the customer do not show up, you can cancel?? if you do, then understandable! if not, why would your riders get mad at the customer for being a few minutes late? if they’re mad because they have a quota and a lot of deliveries to make, then that’s on YOU the employers. give them time allowance. the customers want to open the package first esp if fragile to see if there are no defects!!! then you get mad because we want to open it first and it takes up your time?? then cancel or postpone order of you have that policy!!! willing to pay additional charges for that. one day, makasuhan kayo and you will suffer big damages if you don’t fix your operations!!!!! i know my rights when i faced your rider, it’s a good thing i did not lash out. good luck next time
their service was great, the Entrego employee keeps on updating me about the availability ng pag deliver nila ng parcels, and kuya delivery guy was also very kind
i received item in good condition. thank you
Delay delivery
This is my first time I ordered in shoppe and using ninja van deliver it's so disappointed
Thank you Entrego for on time delivery. Good job, well packed item. God bless and more power.
"Ilang beses ang parcel measurement update. Sa lahat ng courier kayo ang pinakamabagal. Metro manila to metro manila umaabot ng dalawang linggo! Ewan bakit may gumagamit pa sa inyo! Sira ang reputasyon ng ninja sa inyo.

"
thanks for the delivery of my items....an excellent service
Nag try ako ng ninja van and my honest review, napaka tagal ng process nila unlike sa ibang couriers. Like their status says "Parcel Measurement Update" almost 3 days ng ganun walang movement or update, unlike sa iba na kahit overseas mabilis ang process at may update lagi, mabilis narereceived, good handling pa ng parcel. Kung meron zero star un ang rate nyo.
this is my best courier compare to other courier they texted me one day before
Very poor logistics and always prone to delays of delivery.
Madali lang sana dumating ang order kaso di sila nag a-update kung nasaan na ang order
Keep up lol
Napakabagal niyo!!!!!!! Ang lakas ng loob niyong mag-deliver,,,,, hindi naman kayo sumusunod sa maximum days ng pagdedeliver. Ang masasabi ko lang ay nakaka- disappoint... Ayusin niyo naman trabaho niyo!!!!! Binabayaran Namin shipping fee tapos katangahan service niyo!!!!! May hinahabol din kaming araw para makuha order Namin... Always kapag ninja van ang courrier ko sa shopee jusko,,,, asahan nang sabot ng ilang weeks,,,,, katangang ninja van service... Akala ko mabibilis ninja.. pokenaenae ibang ninja pala tawag sa inyo...!!!! NINJA TURTLES,,,, mas mabagal pa sa pagong.
i was not home on that date and i asked for delivery the next day but they refused and returned it to sender
strictly one attempt policy is very stupid.
Rider always sends a text message to let me know that he is on his way. No complaints from me.
Slow and the product is not bubble wrapped. My order came to me damaged.
NAGKATAON NA UMALIS KAMI SA BAHAY AT WALANG TAO EH TINAWAGAN NYA AKO TAPOS SABI KO SA KANYA NA PWEDE KO PO BANG PAHATID ANG ORDERED ITEM KO IN THE NEXT MORNING O DI KAYAY KUNIN KO NA LANG MISMO SA NINJA OFFICE D2 SA DUMAGUETE BRANCH. SAGOT NYA SAKIN NA PASIGAW" DAPAT LAGING HANDA DAW AKO AT DAPAT INIWAN KO ANG BAYAD KO SA KAPITBAHAY" EH DI KO NGA KABISADO NAME NG NEW KAPITBAHAY NA KALILIPAT LANG SA AREA NAMIN. DI MAN LANG NYA AKO BINIGYAN NG HUDYAT NA PAPUNTA SYA SA BAHAY NAMIN SA MORNING PARA DI NA SANA KAMI MAKAALIS SA BAHAY PARA ANTAYIN KO SYA. KINANSELA AGAD ORDER KO KASI NAKASKED DAW AS OF THAT DAY AT AYAW NA NYANG BUMALIK KASI MANANAKAW DAW ORAS SA HATID NG ITEM KO SA IBA YANG LAKAD. WALANG MODO ITONG NINJA INCHARGE MAN NATO. PAKITANGGAL NGA ITONG GUY NATO KASI MASISIRA COMPANY IMAGE NYO NG DAHIL SA KANYANG DI MAKAIN NA ATTITUDE. INCIDENT DATED:SPEPH00697525339C last Dec. 22, 2020. Thanks po.
To be honest itong delivery service na ito. Walang kwenta. Napakatamad ng mga taga deliver nila.
Ito ang pinaka panget courier company sa pilipinas wag n wag nyo subukan sila. 1st sobrang bagal as is mabilis p pagong sa pag kilos nila. 2nd pina bastos n delivery person 3rd wlang kwentang Kahit tinawag k n Wla parin action.
Parcels take weeks to deliver! Delivery men are rude and does not notify the receiver. They even lie about the delivery dates and updates. I don't recommend trusting your parcels with them.
They always stock the deliveries on their hub, they don't deliver it right away this service sucks.
Ninjavan r at zamboanga city puro arogante. Umaalis pa at walang nagbabantay sa watehouse
Within Metro Manila lang ang delivery. Sa ibang courier 1-2 days na deliver na. Ang Ninjavan aabutin ng Linggo or higit pa. Wala ka namang choice kasi yun lang ang courier ng Seller. Hays.
Their service is so terrible. the rider cancelled saying I wasnt home even though I have been waiting for it the whole day. Your services and couriers are lazy hell.
Even though WHOLE DAY EVERYDAY nasa bahay lng ako at di nauubusan ng tao sa bahay na alam na may paparating na parcel at ready na mag receive they have the audacity to tag my parcel as " delivery unsuccessful - delivery was rejected at doorstep" ngih. Kaninong doorstep yon? Hays. PLEASE PO AYUSIN NYO YUNG NINJA2 NYO SA PACKAGE NAMIN PLEASEE. GET BETTER RIDERS.
Terrible. I cancelled plans when I received their auto-generated delivery notice. I waited and nobody came. No contact from rider as well.
WALA AKONG MASABI SA SOBRANG STRESS AT BADTRIP. SINAYANG NYO ORAS KO
Parcels take weeks to deliver! Delivery men are rude and does not notify the receiver. They even lie about the delivery dates and updates. I don't recommend trusting your parcels with them.
A MINUTE AGO YOU WILL TELL ME THAT MY ITEM WAS FAILED TO DELIVERED? BULLSHIT. MGA SCAMMER.
NAPAKABAGAL!! HINDI NA KAMI MAGPAPADELIVER SA NINJA VAN! 20 DAYS NA WALA PA INORDER KO! MAS MABUTI PA SA J&T!
It seems that they are so incompetent with logistics work that my seller had to call my order back just because they were taking way too long to even deliver it.
Ang tagal tagal ng shipping. Maiintindihan mo sana bakit ang tagal pero wala rin mga updates about the parcel. Galaw galaw uy.
My parcel is still in transit 3 weeks after it came from china to ninjavan ph. I live here in Bicol which is only 8hrs away from Manila and JNT only takes 2 to 3 days to deliver door to door from Manila yo Bicol and 3 days of shipping from china to the Philippines yet ninja van ph takes 3 whole fucking weeks in transit. I'll never pay that parcel because it was supposed to be a Christmas gift for my kids so I just bought toys at shoppee and chose JNT and it only took them 3 days to deliver from Manila to Bicol. Dec25 toDec 28.
They have the worst customer and delivery service.
The rider didn't even contact me!! It's frustrating because I waited for my package for more than 10 days and didn't even know the number of the rider. Poor communication.
Super slow its been here for 3 days and no attempts ive been waiting for 12 days now still my order didnt not arrive yet, i shouldve go for gogoxpress
Wrong ETA, don't expect your parcel to arrive on time. Really poor services!
NAKAKAHIYA KAYO NINJAVAN. IN PARTNERSHIP WITH GRAB PA, NAPAKAKUPAD NYO NAMAN. NAWAWALA NA YATA YUNG PINADALA KO. ANO NINAKAW NYO NA?
this Logistics company really is a big headache. Too many failed deliveries. One time, my package was tagged out for delivery then after 5 minutes, delivery attempt failed.
I ordered on 12:12 from Lazada, but still I haven't received my parcel as of today. i was going to give it to my siblings as a gift for Christmas, but Guess What? you f****n blew it Ninja van. Good Job!!!!!!!!!!
Sobrang tagal mag dating ng parcel, sa lahat ng courier eto yung pina ka mabagal. Kahit advance niyo na inorder para maaga dumating ending late padin. Yung update sa location ng parcel hindi pa concrete.

1st time ko mag try ng service niyo. Sobrang nakakadisappoint. Items na gamitin for this season wala na. Ano yon pang next year na lang???????? Kahit sobrang dami pa yan kung may magandang service kayo, magiging smooth yang pag deliver niyo.
It takes so long for you to deliver! 17 days since the parcel has been shipped but until now wala pa din. I wonder why other couriers can deliver the items way faster than you do!
If there was an option to rate this pathetic courier ZERO, I would!
it is beyond human comprehension how such a shitty courier can still be up and running. I wonder how many people they have scammed. For Pete's sake PLEASE CLOSE DOWN.
Tracking does not say locations of delivery hubs just to give estimate on how far away the parcels are. Totally pointless to look at tracking on top of the very slow delivery.
I've heard too many complaints from your customers but I still had faith until today. I'm never using Entrego again.
"    Mj
Very frustrating, 2 weeks na wala pa din yung order ko!!!! For 1week Parcel measurement update lang??!!!! SERIOUSLY!!?? Ayusin nyo naman service nyo, nagbbayad naman mga customer ng tama. Dapat lang mabayaran kami ng good quality service!!"
My orders took 2 weeks to arrived, worst delivery service I experienced
No delivery..... I'm mad at Entrego.
Taking too long to process and deliver parcels. I wouldnt have chosen ninja van as the courier but the store employed their services by default. And true enough, ninja van never fails to disappoint
Too POOR Service.
They are bad and good in lying they only deliver only once and no try to attempt to redeliver very bad service better this company will better close now.
kaya ang baba ng ratings ang bagal. ito ung ninja na tinawag pero makupad.
Nag text pa na idedeliver daw ang parcel pero hindi naman nag deliver, na return to seller pa. Ngayon 1 month na hindi pa dumadating. Hire good couriers, not a lazy one
sabi sa tracking " your parcel has been delivered" pro bat walang dumating sakin? wala man lang tumawag....
Delivery Service that will waste your time
I understand the delays during this time of the year, but for a parcel that should have been delivered 3 weeks ago is unacceptable, I even went to the hub to pick it up my self but the staff told me it will be delivered the next day, that was 7 days ago.
Horrible Company!! They didn't attempt to deliver your package.
NAPAKABAGAL NIYO NINJAVAN. SA MGA MAKAKABASA NETO, MAG JNT NALANG KAYO MAS MABILIS PA. WAG KAYO MAGNINJAVAN NAPAKATAGAL.
Mabagal pa sa pagong ang serbisyo nito. Perwisyo publiko ang alam. Pambihirang yan.
Antagal ko ng naghintay halos mag 3 weeks na ano ba yan ipang gigift ko sana yung order ko pero nasa warehouse parin nung dec. 18 pa yun. Grabe naman baka hindi aabot ang tagal kong naghintay. Sabi dito ngayon na dadating pero kapag wala pa rin tagala aba punyemas na. Paki ayos naman po ang dami nang naghihintay na mga tao para ma recieve young mga parcel nila.
They don't deliver it. No contact number for the deliverymen is given. No calls. No text messages.
I WAITED ALL DAY FOR MY PACKAGE! Tell your delivery personnel to do their job or quit!
They said that they delivered it successfully but i don't receive the item this is not my first time to encounter this situation. this is a trash!
Your delivery was bad. This delivery guy not good.
I don’t know why logistics department tolerated this messed up courier service! This should not be in the market for its unprofessional services and personnels!
Zero star! Lazy people in this company. I don't like those drivers. The won't deliver the item and they even took it! Tskk.
Nice service. There is notification ahead before delivery. Unexpected, early as scheduled. Thanks you so much Entrego.
The drivers are cheating! They pretend to have tried to deliver and delivery failed. In fact there are no tries to deliver
ANO TO HA? AYUSIN NYO MUNA STAFFS NYO, SINASAYANG NYO PERA NG MGA SELLERS AND SINASAYANG NYO ORAS NG MGA BUYERS
undescribable experience.
Worst delivery company in the world most disrepectful staffs and courrier.
I wish I never need use them again. Not professional and not curtious jus the worse
received my order in good condition. kudos to your delivery staff.
Good job, well packed item & ang bait ng delivery boy
They don't follow the time frame given by the seller or lazada, they make their own! So many reason!
Tried to contact them through messager since that's the only way to contact them. Issue was not resolved and my item is missing.
Absolutely horrendous company! They haven't even been able to deliver to one time.
Courier had no change at all.
THE WORST COURIER SERVICE EVER.DO NOT CHOOSE THIS COURIER SERVICE.
Oops parcel can’t be found. Just a totally useless company.
Crappy service. I had to cancel my order because of super delayed delivery.
Too slow, my previous orders in lazada and shopee are already been delivered by other couriers except for ENTREGO, poor service!
This courier is giving a bad image to the seller since the shopee don't have a courier feedback.
I hope this company will dispatched in online selling industry. Their courier is also irresponsible tamad pumasok sa kanto gusto pa mag pa sundo buti pa yung ninja van once lang pumunta alam na lahat ng bahay.
ENTREGO IS ONE OF THE WORST OPTION OF LAZADA AS A COURIER, INACCURATE TRACKING!
Magsara na kayo. Napakabagal. Bubulukin nyo ang parcels sa warehouse nyo!
They dont remind/text you before they deliver it. Its so slow but the delivery boys r kind
Sa mga nakakabasa neto, next time magplace kayo ng order sa mga online shopping platforms, do not choose ninjavan as your courier! Aabutin ng isang buwan yung delivery and retaso lang nilalagay sa tracking info masabi lang na may update pero ang totoo nyan ung parcel e hindi nagalaw. Report this courier sa DTI. Never again!
5 days na mula nung maship yung order ko pero WALA PARIN KAYONG UPDATE SA PARCEL KO PURO 2days ago pa puro PARCEL MEASUREMENT UPDATE. BIRTHDAY KO NA WALA PARIN YUNG ORDER KO. Nag birthday tuloy ako na naiistress dahil ang tagal ng order ko. SANA PALA IBANG COURIER NALANG PINILI KO!!! Ninja van never again
Took 1 month to deliver my item. Instead of 1 week only. GRRrrr
Grabe antagal madeliver mga parcels ko. Wala pa man ding exact location pag ittrack...
They need to shut them down immediately as legitimate sellers are losing lots of money by entrusting these clowns with there goods and livelihood.
11 days na wala parin magsara na kayo
Walang kwentang courier
ambagal na nga napaka walang modo pa nila
Sabi sa due date nila 15-19 darating pero mag 21 nalang wala pa at kahit isang update lang man sa parcel ko wala din
Absolutely abhorrent service. Many packages I've had them handle have been canceled due to the incompetence and unprofessionalism of their riders.
Worst courier ever!!!! They sent my package to the wrong person. Which was already paid using my debit card and now I can't even find a decent contact number to complain,very disappointed
This company has no reputation at all.
Very slow delivery. Local deliveries take atleast 7 days. I cant even imagine if its overseas. Not recommended if you need your parcel fast.
Trash and crappy service. Nakakabwisit, fix your system, Entrego!
pinaka matagal dumating mga orders ko na gumamit ng ninja van. not only that but their updates are not clear. only indicates "arrived at sorting center" or "en route to sorting hub" but does not mention when it has been shipped or is already heading towards your province
kupad nyo naman
Wag na kayo mag deliver kung ganyan lang rin kabagal. Bat yung ibang couriers kaya naman ng 3-4 days. Worst of the worst! Sana di nalang kayo isa sa mga option for delivery sa mga online shops.
Bad service, poor delivery time. Adjust ng adjust ang delivery time frame nakoo
I will never ever choose ninja van ever again. Omygosh! Better pa LBC, j&t express or so. NAKAKABADTRIP NINJA VAN! Hindi pa yata aabot mga gifts ko sa Christmas! Nakakaperwisyo kayo!
HELLO, MY ORDERS HAS BEEN IWTH YOUR WAREHOUSE FOR 4 DAYS NOW. HOPE IT GETS TO ME BEFORE CHRISTMAS.
Does not even take care of the package. Tracking not working. Just purely terrible and useless service.
Shame on you. the owner of this courier should be ashamed of himself. you're incompetent. go do something else instead of running a courier service. you are really bad at it
Not user friendly interface of website. Hard to reach out.
Very deplorable experience. So ignorant of people waiting for their parcel to be delivered. This ENTREGO does not even deserve a single star for rating.
hindi malaman if nasaang transit at warehouse na jusko tagal ng delivery nyo!
Lousy service. Goods are usually damaged.
Worst service ever! They don't even bother to call when they cannot find their way here and instead they chose to return to sender. What a waste of resources and useless management.
They have left packages on our wall when there's no one home to sign for it. Luckily no one helped themselves to our package.
They throw the package in to the gate even when it is marked fragile.
Worst courier company and their customer service is arrogant
Seriously is bad deliver services provided, never on time to deliver on promised date. Never never and never use their service again! Banned them forever!
I'm writing to inform you about one of your delivery rider's nasty behavior. I told him the landmarks and the exact appearance of my place for his extra guide but he is still asking the exact location with sarcastic questions and insisting the wrong one.
It seems that the parcel got misrouted twice and its going back and forth. The package is now delayed and not the usual waiting time for j&t delivery to my area from the person that sent me the package.
He was to rude. Paladesisyon cancel ko na raw order ko kasi wala daw siyang idedeliver dito sa amin.
Recently, items ordered through Shopee are being delivered damaged or broken. Even though items are packed in several layers of paper, cardboard and bubble wrap, they managed to break a few.
They always joke around with the customer and sometimes catcall female customers. What are some probable sanctions or punishment for those kinds of behavior?
Failed delivery of gomo sim its so annoying as of today almost 2 weeks rider even contacted the customer
excellent service!h ighly recommend xde logistics. Very good company and reliable.
I have been waiting for the whole day for my delivery, my package didn't come. I tried texting the courier, but the delivery guy does not respond to any text.
i dont want to judge pero im not sure kung nagkakamali sila ng taong pinagbibigyan o nagnanakaw sila ng parcel ng may parcel!
Poor delivery service incompetent
Next time train your rider to be more communicative.
"Always delay talaga, mapapamura ka nlang sa katagal dumating ng parcel.

"
sobrang antagal po ng delivery
alwayssss taking too long to deliver it at my house!! like i see it’s already on them but they dont deliver it yet! other couriers are much way better! u guys should be like that too!
Napakabagal dapat e report na kayo para bumago service niyo!!! Taena niyo kahit bayad na yung parcel ko di pa rin dumating!!!
Omg guys will u please add the name of places like yung lugar sa branch because in tracking my orders, they’re all just the same
What the heck is parcel measurements update? My item has been sitting on that status for a long time now! Please update the customer more!
Bago kayo magsabi na Leading courier kayo in Asia panindigan niyo muna 'yang pangalan ng kompanya niyo nakakahiya kayo! Kung ganito kayo na palagi nalang delayed ang parcel edi sana TURTLE VAN nalang pinangalan niyo sa kompanya para naman 'di na kami mag expect na dadating parcel namin ng maaga bwesit! Sana tinanggal na kayo as courier ng LAZADA and SHOPEE mga punyeta
I never imagine myself making a bad comment from ordering online but I'm really dissapointed with your service. I understand your delays of delivery but what you did today is too much. Thank you for texting me early morning today that there will be a delivery of my order and thank you for making me wait the whole day for nothing. You can keep my parcels just like what you did for how many weeks. Thank you for wasting my time and effort Godbless to your company.
My order is almost a month. No update. Feeling of being scammed •~•
Mapapamura ka talaga dito sa tagal. Mas mauuna pa yong galing China na parcel kesa ninjavan na galing pinas lang na parcel. Wag na wag nyo to gamitin lalo yong shopee standard deliver, ninjavan din yon. Puputi mata nyo kakaantay aabutin ng syam2 talaga.
Kung may 0star lang zero ibibigay ko
I understand the pandemic but real time status update please! Where’s the location of my order and estimated time of delivery please!
Bad service and not responding well. Needs improve time management.
they will steal your parcel
In transit for how many days! And you received the parcel in bad condition due to poor handling! Ninjavan is different from the ninjavan in their first months of operation! Really!
ordered nov 14, december na wala padin in transit padin
They ruin sellers' reputations by being late with the deliveries, lack of update, inconsistent delivery times, unreliable tracking page, and all the fake updates they give. No matter how much I like the product, I will never order it if the seller would use Ninjavan as the courier. NOT FRIGGIN WORTH IT. They also tag different status updates that are FAKE like "incomplete address" even though you used the exact same address for all your past deliveries (even with them) and they all get delivered. There's no valid reason AT ALL why a package would take 4-6 weeks to be delivered. You're a waste of money and a waste of time. Will never use their service again ever
ordered 1st week of nov my parcel still did not arrive.. its already 1st week of dec
We want to know the reason of the delay of ninja van on giving salary, its been 2 1/2 months we are not receiving any payment from you, as your subcontract agreement from shopee is still valid and we do know that ninja van is getting paid through this channel we are demanding an explanation as why this is happening. Any anomaly on your company?
ang bagal ng order last month pako nag order hanggang ngayon wala pa pukingina negative star dapat
Sinungaling mga riders ng NinjaVan. They said na Customer Resched pero hindi naman. NinjaVan the worst courier ever existed.
Slowest courier. My package is stuck in the warehouse almost 2 weeks now
This is the worst courier to choose! Everything takes forever to be delivered! I am never going to support this company again!
Very poor service at napakatagal magdeliver di sumusunod sa deadline.
Ang subdivision namin ay on top of the hill overlooking the ocean. Ayaw ideliver ang order namin dahil hindi daw maka akyat ang motor nya. Kaya ang caretaker ko na lang ang pinababa ko drive nya ang 125 Rosi motorcycle. Wala pang 1 minute, tumawag ulit ang ninja, galit pa, "asan na kayo, ang tagal nyo?" Aba'y bwueset, mapamura ka talaga!
Wtf pakyu sobra sobra, irresponsible kayo. Ninja ang bilis gumalaw pero kayo ang bagal bagal dapat turtle van pangalan niyo hayop.
Basta putangina kayo, punyeta magsara na kayo plz. Hindi ba kayo pwedeng ireklamo sa DTI? TANGINA.
MAGSARA NA KAYOO!!! ANG PANGET NG COURIER NATO! PAGONGVAN AMP
Hi it said i can receive may item today but it was not delivered today and the date is 26 which was indicated on the shopee :>
Bobo nga courier
10 days na po since last update ng shopee logistics ko kailan nyo na ideliver? Mas nauna pa order ko na overseas. I HAVE BEEN PATIENT WITH NINJAVAN SINCE DAY 1, inuubos nyo pasensya namin mga costumer. Hindi na talaga ako pipili ng ninjavan. Tagal.
It's almost 3 and my item is not even delivered, and the ninja site doesn't update
Nag order ako noong november 11, 2020 until now hindi pa dumarating kasi nga nasa transit pa. Sana naman maresolve nyo tong issue na to. Nakaka disappoint sobra. Nawawalan na kayo ng mga client
Currier cancelled my order without my consent and just told me to re order the parcel!
My order has been in transit for 9 days and the last time that ninjavan updated the tracking for my prder was 5 days ago. I have no idea where my package is or when it will arrive. I just get whiplash everytime the courier texts me that they're already outside when five minutes ago I didn't even know where it was. Also very concerning since they don't ask for identification upon receiving the package. My package could easily be stolen and I wouldn't know. My orders from J&T don't frustrate me like this and are very transparent.
pareho sa amin, sobrang frustrated na kami , kung nagbasa lang sana kami ng reviews di na namin e proceed yung orders
Napakatagal mag deliver kahit mabilis shinip ng seller. nauuna pa palaging dumating mga inorder ko na jnt ang courier kahit nauna ko inorder yung item na ninjavan ang courier pareho lang naman local ang pinanggalingan. hindi nako uulit sa inyo. next time kapag ninja van lang ang option na courier hindi nalang ako oorder. Buti pa jnt mas mura ang rate pero mabilis mag deliver
cancel koto pag by thursday dikopadin mareceive tatamad nyo
Nagdeliver sila from shopee. Walang earbud yung box. Halatang pinunit ang bubble wrap. At pinilit sungkitin ng mga daliri. Warak warak ang box ng earbud. Hindi kasi nila mailabas yung box kasi mahigpit pagkakalagay sa bubble wrap kaya ayun, slashed nila wrap then sinungkit ng mga daliri. Hindi gagawin ng seller ang magpadeliver ng walang laman. Pati seller galit na galit sa ninjavan. Gigil ko!!
Napakatagal mag deliver ng ninja van nauna pang dumating mga order ko na jnt express ang courier samantalang nauna ko pa inorder yung item na ninja van ang courier eh same metro manila lang naman yung pinanggalingan ng mga oders ko. Buti pa jnt mas mura pero mas maayos ang serbisyo. Hinding hindi nako uulit sa ninja van! Next time kapag ninja van lang ang option na courier di nalang ako oorder kaysa ma stress lang sa paghihintay sa inyo. Dapat dito walang star eh hays.
Other couriers in shopee take 1 day to deliver after receiving an item in their delivery hub. Ninjavan take up to 9days or more just to deliver the items. Fix your warehouse system, you make shopee have a bad name!
sabay ako nag order pero unang dumating sa hub yng njv pero pota mas nauna pa ng 1 week yng j&t anu yan lilimliman nyo muna yng package bago i deliver ?
sabay ako nag order pero unang dumating sa hub yng njv pero pota mas nauna pa ng 1 week yng j&t anu yan lilimliman nyo muna yng package bago i deliver ?
"tangina nyu Ang tagal nyu mag ship sobra pa sa nanay nyu mga tamad nyu magsara nalang kayu mga tangina nyu Sana I nalang kayu naadd sa lazada Kasi potanginna nyu.

"
Nasira yung package ko kahit may fragile. Sobrang bagal pa. Wag kayong magpapadala dito. Worst courier service in the philippines. Basura. Talo pa ng grab at lalamove.
"Ninja van is so irresponsible when it comes to delivery i will not trust ninja van anymore

"
"Gosh naman Ninja van, wala naman kahit anong update? Didn't even bother to answer my emails. 10 days na yung parcel ha di padn dumadating ano na? Galaw galaw din no?

"
Turtlevan dapat tawag sa company nyo.
this is the 2nd time! it's been 2 weeks and i still haven't received my products when it should've arrived here within 3-5 days!!!!! please do your job right and deliver products on time!!!! to those choosing ninjavan, i suggest you should opt for a different shipment company, because their promptness sucks.
Tinawagan na ko ng mag dedeliver pero hindi siya dumating at hindi na rereply sa text, hindi sumasagot sa tawag. Kinancel yung order ko. Ang tagal ko pa naman na naghihintay. Ambot ninyo yaua
Kayo order ang problema nyo kami mga visor dito ang problema namin, hahaha sobrang toxic.
Worst courier of the Philippines. Ninjavan can take weeks of delivery and not to mention they are also thieves. They also suck at package handling. If you hate J&T for package mishandling then you'll hate everything about Ninjavan. You can only wish they never existed.
Lousy service! Lousy and unresponsive agents! Poor handling of parcels! Very late deliveries. Shut your company down! You expect us to receive wet and dented parcels? With fragile stickers and all. Guess its just for aesthetics and legitimacy for you sorry excuse as a delivery and courier company. Dont go telling us (when you do decide to reply our inquiries, emails, message on facebook) that you agents and delivery crew are well trained! Check your ratings, check your facebook page, check your email, read what people are saying! Seriously! Ninja Van but uses motorcycles to deliver heavy and large parcels?! Are you kidding me! The last parcel i recieved from you it was just hanging at the back of a motorcycle being squished from the other parcels! Theres a freaking FRAGILE note on the parcel yet was still delivered on a motorcycle and being squished?! And guess what? The insides of my parcel was fucking damaged! Wet and dented boxes! Go fuck yourself Ninjavan PH!
Pinaka harsh kong naranasan na experience ko sa lahat ng rider sa ninjavan lang ako nakaranas ng kabastusang asal ng nag dedeliver
If it's possible to rate Ninja Van with a negative rating, they would be on top. The difference between J&T and Ninja Van's speed in pick up and delivery is miles and miles long. Please, if you are a seller especially for international dropshippers, if you have to ship to the Philippines, choose J&T and other couriers. DO NOT CHOOSE NINJA VAN. IT WILL STRESS OUT YOUR CUSTOMERS. VERY POOR SERVICE!
requested sa rider to check the package para iwas scam, ayaw nya talaga, gusto nya bayaran ko na agad and aalis na sya. Nung nag insist ako icheck yung package, kinancel nalang niya ang package kasi ayaw niya talaga na icheck ko. No protection against scams, hugas kamay basta makuha lng nila bayad mo.
Hello Ninjavan. I would love an explanation as to where my parcel is at the moment? I ordered something from lazada last september 30 and until now(september 4) the status is still "On the way to logistics facility", Last october 1 I ordered another item from lazada and now it is already being shipped by ENTREGO. I would say you have the worst courier service out there. I don't understand why most of the items in lazada doesn't have an option to choose another courier other than you. I'm even surprised why until nobody has sued you, you deserved to be sued beacuse of your riders stealing people's packages. Beware and to those ecommerce business out there... DO.NOT.EVER.CHOOSE.THIS.COURIER.
Ninjavan tamad.bakit return to sender my parcel.hindi nga sila nagcontact da akin.tapos balik to sender
I understand that there's MECQ and such but for real ang tagal niyo magdeliver ng orders umabot ng 2 months yung last order ko and was labelled "lost item" by shopee. What a shame. Until now i'm still waiting for an another order na wala ng update sa logistics kung nasaan order ko. Paki ayos naman ang trabaho buti pa J n T kahit MECQ 2 days after delivered na agad. Take note mas mahal pa shipping fee ninyo. A waste of time and money kayo.
Ilang beses na ako nadisappoint sa courier na to. Una, lumagpas na 1 buwan di pa dumating inorder ko, tapos sasabihing nawala? Ang laki ng electric fan tapos mawawala niyo pa? Pangalawa, nag-"attempt" daw magdeliver kaso di daw ako macontact. Whole day ako nag-abang at naco ko, ni isang text o tawag wala akong natanggap galing sa inyo. Tapos ngayon return to sender at cancelled? Walang kwenta kayo Pangatlo, walang kwenta rin nila. Magrereklamo ko sasagot automated, kung sasagot ang bagal pa, aabutin isang buwan bago matapos usapan niyo. Magsara na kayo ninjavan, panira kayo ng negosyo eh
BE CAREFUL!!! THEIR SERVICE SAYS IT OTHERWISE. I TRIED CONTACTING THEM THROUGH EMAIL, NINJA VAN SUPPORT, AND THEIR PROVIDED NUMBER BUT THERES NO RESPONSE! BE CAREFUL WITH YOUR PARCELS, CHECK YOUR RIGHTS A CONSUMER, AND FILE A COMPLAINT! MAKE SOME NOISE! THEY SAY THEY WILL HAVE 3 ATTEMPTS TO DELIVER THE PARCEL BUT THEY WON'T DO THAT EITHER. THEY WILL SAY YOU CANCELLED IT AND THAT'S IT!
Ninja Van Philippines according to DIST is a colorum company operating without a license. It's owned by Ninja Logistics PTE, LTD. Beware and refuse to do cash transactions or any business with them as in case something goes wrong you'll never be able to get justice in their mafia underworld. Be an enlighted consumer.
kusang nagrereschedule, naban ako sa COD dahil d cla komokontak juskooo!!
I'm really disappointed to the driver of Ninjavan. When I talk to the guard of where am I working, the money is being staple but I didn't receive the exact change for my parcel.
Couriers are lazy to deliver the parcel. They act on their own as if the recipient cannot be found or refused to accept. This happens to me several times. I prefer JnT as my courier because they never failed me. Your company (Ninjavan) loses customers because of your lazy couriers. Kick them out and improve your services if you want to be competitive to other courier company like JNT
Too slow. No further udpates. Will keep you waiting for more than a month!!!!! Will never choose NINJAVAN AGAIN EVER!!
Tamad magdeliver. Sila na mismo maglalagay na hindi makita ang recipient or tinanggihan mo ang order/parcel pero hindi nmn nag attempt magdeliver at walang text. Halata na this mga katamaran ng couriers nyo. Dapat mas ban na ang ninjavan as one of the courier company ng shopee. Pag di mo napansin by default na ninjavan pala ang magiging courier ng inorder mo ay wag ka na umasa makakarating ang order mo. Cgurado kinabukasan pag track mo ng order ay nakasulat na: return to sender has been triggered at ang reason ay "Refused to accept the parcel at the doorstep or recipient cannot be found" kung may ZERO RATE lng sana ay un ilalagay ko.
This may be funny to others but for me, it’s different. It’s my first time using this courier and I accidentally tapped Ninja van instead of J&T and I already placed my order! So hinayaan ko na lang. 3 days later, it came! And imagine from Metro Manila pa to Zamboanga del Norte, Mindanao! Not to mention how they neatly bubble wrapped my ordered kpop album. No dents. Nung nag unwrap ako, naamaze ako kase ang haba ng bubble wrap, 1.5m., na binalot sa 2 albums. Each album, may bubble wrap din. Observing the box, it’s recycled. I saw the prints of Mi Goreng noodle and other products. I can’t help but appreciate how resourceful they are. And sobrang neat and safe yung order ko. Thank you, Ninja Van❤️ Sa susunod ulit!
Ok naman cla actually mas gusto ko cla s j&t. Kc cla di nghhngi ng extra. Kusa nko ngbbgay. S j &t minsan senior tumanggap kulang ang sukli s cod.
I am here from the USA, I ordered somethings on shopee.. Normally they text you when something is on it's way or they need you. This has never happened. They mark it as failed and then they reschedule.. They have done this 3 times now.. The delivery guy is giving me shit. I will be suing this company if they do not get my order to me soon.
I ordered August 22 but til now wala padin nadeliver. August 24 pa yung last update sa transit, September 2 na ngayon. Pakiayos naman, because we’re paying a right amount. Sellers should not be choosing ninjavan for shipping. We all know J&T is better. So please check my order, here’s my tracking number: SHP200821N2XM10N8
I ordered an item at shopee and the expected day of delivery should be less than 7 days but why is it so tagal? Why are some items being stucked at the said SORTING HUB FOR DAYS? wtf.
The deliveries take too long. I don't recommend Ninjavan. Switch to other delivery services if possible
They tagged me that I requested to cancel my order to which I did not. The rider kept on refusing to deliver my package
If I can put no star, I definitely will. Worst courier ever lol. We’re paying the right amount yet ganito kabagal service nyo.
Bakit kinukuha pa ng mga seller ang ninja van kahit marami ng nagrereklamo? Pati mga seller nagaabono sa ninakaw na items ng mga riders.
Thank you Ninja Van PH! I hope you can sort things out! Have a blast!
Mas safe, mas mabilis
This company is a Desaster. Deliveries take weeks for short distances like 70 km... packages got lost or even worst stolen! The is not responding or telling lies!
Mahiya naman kau
ONLINE SELLERS PLEASE USE OTHER SERVICES. THIS ONE IS VERY VERY VERY INCOMPETENT!!! EXPECTED DELIVERY TIME SA TRACKING APP IS 3 DAYS AGO HANGGANG NGAYON WALA PARIN. I WANNA CANCEL MY ORDER NALANG TALAGA. NAKAKAINIS!!!!!!!! PLEASE DON'T USE THIS. PLEASE USE J AND T INSTEAS THEYRE VERY RELIABLE AND WE WILL RECEIVE THE PACKAGE IN JUST TWO DAYS. I HATE THIS. I HAAAATE IT EXCITED PA NAMAN AKO.
Amazing they brand themself as Asia leading delivery company... Their overall poor ratings speaks for itself! Pure low class
waited the whole day kasi may mag dedeliver daw ending walang naganap na deliver tapos return to sender na agad ang status. ang saya
Holly shit your company. 3 items, different dates of orders. My wife never leaved, residential address. LAHAT NG DELIVER WALA DAW MAG RERECEIVED MGQ PUKINGINANG RIDERS NYO TAMAD PA SA TAMAD!!!!
Feb 16, my order arrived at the warehouse or sorting hub. Feb 21, IN TRANSIT or ready for delivery, the in charge departed from the warehouse with the item to deliver, until now Feb 25, the status is still IN TRANSIT. NINJAVAN, you're so irritating and dissapointing...WORST SERVICE compare to other couriers. WAKE UP!
Grabe. Sobrang bagal ng service. Ordered sa shopee. I chose Ninjavan since free delivery, placed the order on Feb.13. Arrived sa sorting hub nila ng Feb.16 and dapat deliver na sya by Feb.24 Lo and behold.. Waley pa rin. 3x na ko nag ffup sa Shopee. Baka naman wala na sila employees kse nga INCOMPETENT company sila kaya antagal mag deliver.
very low quality service. i ordered on 6.6 until now wla pa rin yung package. no update sa parcel.
Express at snail's speed
Waited for almost one week and still haven't arrive
Poor service, no update, no contact, no progress
Poor service. Nothing to say much. Just the poorest of the poor. Disappointing af
tracking number is not to updated ! delivery slow ! better end out business !
Useless delivery!!! Very hard to contact them and lazy to deliver!
YOUR STAFFS ARE RUDE. THEY SOUND UNPROFESSIONAL AND UNABLE TO HANDLE PROPER CUSTOMER COMPLAINTS.
Tracking details does not shows up. Waste of time using this. Even though there is details in the app
The delivery service are very slow and make people frustrating. Regret on choose Lazada because of their delivery even though competitive price.
Your delivery service is trash. You keep on changing the expected date of delivery. The delivery is delayed for almost a week.
Napakatagal ng delivery nyo. Mas nauna pang dumating yung inorder ko sa shopee samantalang mas nauna ko pang orderin yung dito sa lazada. 
Nakakabwiset. Walang galawan yung parcel napakagulo pa ng mga nakalagay sa app nyo.
walang seminar yung rider nyo.. very impatient and bastos sumagot ng call
Delivered the wrong item!
His attitude was very unprofessional and disrespectful toward the customer. No calls ever wasted so it made me think why he acted that way.
My order is very delayed and just in case it get cancelled and refunded, i’ll literally create some bots just for you. better do ur job u reckless useless delivery trash partner.
Have had a few attempt to track for different items at different time, never once able to track any of my order. Totally useless app.
Stupid delivery is return order and cancel, what the fuck you delay my order and after me is what waiting for nothing fucking service
maraming salamat po dahil Nadeliver agad exact date at Kudos din sa delivery po Mabait po at maayos naman pagdeliver
Tracked my order but it says order not found. Stupid system
Bagal talaga mag deliver
this is a piece of crap shipping service.
SOBRANG TAGAL DUMATING YAWA
Di gumagana yung mga tracking number na nasa lazada app. Bulok
another site na kumikita ng pera kahit walang silbi
Terrible delivery service. Orders are marked by couriers as delivered, but in reality they have arrived. It looks like cheating.
Shitty platform
I can't even track my package for a few days now.
Very slow delivery and a shitty website i hate this delivery carrier and the tracking number is useless
Your services sucks are you lacking of mens? Because you cant check your inventory. Irresponsible service
Napakabagal ng system nyo
Jusko Lex ano na?
Not accurate data, please fix this site
Pointless tracking since tracker won't find your parcel
Napakabagal ng usad ng delivery
Useless tracker. Every time copy from lazada tracking number. It won’t track. “Sorry, Tracking Not Found.” Lazada please help upgrade the tracker and delivery service.
Delivery is so slow!
Cannot track anything. Totally useless
tagal ng delivery time nila
Slow, no tracking, garbage company
Just waste your data & waste of time for this.. It's not working
Train your delivery boys properly on how to act professional and respectful at all times.
My parcel almost a week at Logistics Facility but not yet send out! Deliver is very slow! The estimate time is put for fun?!
Tracking doesn't work. tamad naman ng mga I.T. dito, ayaw ayusin parang 3 years na atang ganito to.
Terrible service, and took them a long time to process a parcel while its only local
An extraordinarily painful and upsetting tracking system I have ever had to experience. PACKAGE NOT FOUND is all you will ever get from this
Lousy service, Poor Management, Poor Delivery, Irresponsible! I courier the NEXT DAY DELIVERY item but they do NOTHING on the parcel and I didnt receive it THE NEXT DAY! The next day the parcel still in the same place! I paid extra for the NEXT DAY DELIVERY but I DIDN'T get it the NEXT DAY! Called the customer service, super hard to go in, finally someone answer and said will settle, will make a report on it and guess what? They do NOTHING! NOTHING HAD DONE even after the complain! I had made complain for 3 times but they just DONT CARE! They will only do thing THE NEXT DAY! WONT USE J&T AGAIN!
"Worst service ever! They don't even bother to call when they cannot find their way here and instead they chose to return to sender.  What a waste of resources and useless management. Would you rather spend on petrol to and fro or JUST MAKE A SIMPLE CALL to the RECIPIENT?? 
If DHL and Kerry Express can reach my place with the same address, not sure what's stopping them to reach the center of BKK? I suggest sellers to stop using their services instead of getting themselves low rated. 
J&T Express service is DEFINITELY NOT worth a dime. "
"J&T are shambolic and certainly not “Express”
Because Shopee allow a certain timeframe for delivery J&T shall leave shipments collecting dust in their station(s) rather than expedite deliveries on the grounds that they may not need to deliver it for perhaps another week."
super slow usad pagong tapos di mo pa matrack kung nasaan na yung parcel mo.
the tracking site is really upsetting, the worst tracking system yet in my entire life.
The worst tracker. Cant monitor my package. Never at all!!
Di naman nagana to. Useless
Pucha! Sa sortation center ata may forever eh. Sobrang tagal ng shipment. Ano, itatanim nyo ba yung parcel jan at antayin mamunga bago ideliver? Mag iisang linggo na item ko jan sa inyo.
Sobrang delayed. Wala sumasagot para makatulong man lang for update status.
YOUR DELIVERY MAN DON'T HAVE MANNERS. HE EVEN CANCEL THE ITEM WITHOUT EVEN DELIVERING AND OUR PERMISSION. MAY YOUR COMPANY TRAIN YOUR EMPLOYEES AND TEACH THEM SOME MANNERS.
Sobrang dissapointed ako sa trabaho nyo! Grabe ganto pa talaga mga rider nyo! Di ko nasagot tawag kanina at may trabaho ako isang beses lang nagtry ideliver tas return to seller na agad!
Nakakahighblood kayo!! Ang tatamad ng ibang riders nyo! Kung tutuusin kung may ibang orders pwedeng yun muna unahin bago ang hindi pa nabibigay di yung irereturn agad!
Think twice if you wish to engage J&T service. Really bad service. Damage parcel and not compensate and push the blame to seller. Very irresponsible platform

"I used to buy from this platform, but not anymore. The seller send me the items I bought but without the accessories, but the order pictures has the accessories in the pictures.

I filed a refund, but Shopee decided to side with the seller. So no refund for me and I am left with a useless product."
they never contacted me and found out that they already cancelled it. Worst part is they noted in the reason that I requested to cancel the delivery. They're so dishonest and liars.
Pesteng not found yan! Magsara na kayo! More than 1 week na wala pa rin order ko
Very satisfied. Good job!
Halatang pinunit ang receipt tapos nilipat sa ibang item, drill ang inorder ko tapos may picture pa ng seller tapos dumating ibang item
Slowest delivery compare sa ibang delivery services
Everything about what the previous reviews you've heard on this website are true, very stressful to talk to the LBC staff different stories and frustrations you will get everytime you will speak to LBC staff.

Ano na?! Tumagal kayo sa ganyang trabaho?! Puro ata kayo mga batugan lumampas na sa due date di man lang kayo makapag update lang man!
Gusto nyo pa ata ma imbestigahan sa mga kalokohang ginagawa nyo di kami nagwawaldas ng pera sa ganyang gawain nyo!
 delivery fee reimbursed from the receiver (cod transaction). effectively charging us double that amount (sender + receiver both giving lbc 165php each).
This is unbelievable! Ang bagal-bagal i-deliver ng order ko! awit kayo!
This is a joke website and delivery service
My address can ve searcheable on google maps. Waste of time and effort calling here and there.
Couriers claimed they've been contacting you and have been delivering your package but no one was there to receive. In reality they did not attempt to call nor deliver. Very frustrating.
Super slowmo
nastuck nalang sa arrived at the logistics hub nyo yung order ko!! Kelan nyo balak ideliver yan nagtext pa kayo di nyo naman dinilever punyeta magsara na kayo.
OMG i’ve been waiting for almost 5 hours i waste my time they said 10-2pm possible to pick up but no call no text. Next time be professional
Napakatagal dumating jusko. bagal ng serbisyo niyo
You are fooling yourself, especially you are a Filipino shame on YOU! Maybe you need to go back to the Philippines.
kami pa yung magaadjust sa address and slow delivery,,please fix this issue.
Im not satisfied at all! This kind of service makes me not want to order in lazada again.
Sabi na nag shiship na daw pero lamapas na ng delivery time at wla pa din updates. Palpak talaga Dun nalang kayo sa entrego
took me 1 hour just to send small package , believe it or not they called the higher q number rather than mine .
Nakakainis yung tipong hintay ka nang hintay ng package mo! wala man lang tumawag sayo para sabihin na out for delivery na ang package mo
mga walang kwenta ang tamad tamad nyo nandito na sa province ng pampanga inorder ko mabalacat hub natutulog sa pansitan mexico lang ako di nyo pa maihatid
Worst as in worst. Lahat. Ng parcels as in lahat,, super late! One month na wala pa rin
Very disappointing yung tracking na to nakakawalang gana ng lazada
Napaka walang kwenta ng serbisyo niyo ilang araw na diyan sa sortation center yung item na inorder ko halos lahat ng reviews dito puro reklamo di ba kayo nahihiya?! Ayusin niyo trabaho
You received my parcel on 12/04/20. I still did not receive it until now and worst is, there is no update regarding my parcel.
Tagal na nga ma transit palpak pa pagsating sa area... sasabihin na resched kasi walang tumangap sa addr. na naka lagay samantalang ni anino ng rider wala dun.
I told the rider to re-deliver the item on weekdays since my address is an . The rider delivered it on a sunday, ofcourse there's no one to receive the item. I'm not sure if he's just stupid or really stupid.
If there's 0 star, they deserve it. I really hate it whenever NinjaVan is the courier of my parcel I ordered from online stores. It always took them not less than 7 days!! With or without pandemic, it's always the case! I remembered ordering from lazada and it took 2 weeks! Other courier can do it 3-4 days average. I hope really hope you to improve your service or else stop your operation! You don't deserve at least 1 star!
When my items arrived to its destination in the Philippines, the box had been rifled through and the contents had been taken apart and stolen.
Nakaka disappoint po service niyo, sobrang tagal po
Queuing system is not that good. Customer service not so good.
MY ORDER FROM LAZADA TAKES TOO LONG.
2 weeks na and going to 3 weeks na pero hindi parin dumarating yung parcel ko. Nung ni-track ko dalawang beses na ON-HOLD tapos rescheduled daw. Ang tagal talaga. Hanggang ngayon naghihintay parin ako.
NEVER! No sense of urgency, doesn't care to reach out to customers if there are any issues with the parcel like address, etc.
Yung parcel may bakas ng sunog sa ilalim. Sabi ng seller nagalaw daw yung item! tangina di ko alam kung sino sisishin ko. The item went to different places where the incident took place. Ninakawan pako!
receive the item yet. They overcharged you plus they have poor customer service. I will put this in social media if my receiver wont receive the item till tomorrow
Always delay talaga, mapapamura ka nlang sa katagal dumating ng parcel.
Omg guys will u please add the name of places like yung lugar sa branch because in tracking my orders, they’re all just the same
My order is almost a month. No update. Feeling of being scammed •~•
I understand the pandemic but real time status update please! Where’s the location of my order and estimated time of delivery please!
They just don't deliver to our barrio; this courier is insane! They said that my address is incomplete - after waiting for 3 weeks, they did not even try to contact me
Bad service and not responding well. Needs improve time management.
Please let your delivery man send the item thru the real owner (the receiver) coz they delivered the important documents to our neighbor which is my documents then the delivery man did not even ask the name who received the item.
I emailed three times and called more than 8 times to change the receiver name/ address and still sent it to the previous address. Lack of communication and does not follow directions no matter how diligent you are, it is still useless to them..
they will steal your parcel
In transit for how many days! And you received the parcel in bad condition due to poor handling! Ninjavan is different from the ninjavan in their first months of operation! Really!
Grbe ka arogante sa mga delivery guys ninyo, as if imoha pang sala if dili sila kabalo mubasa sa address. 2 times, gipagbigyan lang nako mo sa first pero murag ana jud diay ang inyong cultura sguro. Mga arrogante kaayo mo!
PARA SA MEMORIES NA NGA LANG NG ANAK KO IWAWALA NIYO PA
"They ruin sellers' reputations by being late with the deliveries, lack of update, inconsistent delivery times, unreliable tracking page, and all the fake updates they give. No matter how much I like the product, I will never order it if the seller would use Ninjavan as the courier. NOT FRIGGIN WORTH IT. They also tag different status updates that are FAKE like ""incomplete address"" even though you used the exact same address for all your past deliveries (even with them) and they all get delivered. There's no valid reason AT ALL why a package would take 4-6 weeks to be delivered. You're a waste of money and a waste of time. Will never use their service again ever

"
Sinungaling mga riders ng NinjaVan. They said na Customer Resched pero hindi naman. NinjaVan the worst courier ever existed.
Slowest courier. My package is stuck in the warehouse almost 2 weeks now
This is the worst courier to choose! Everything takes forever to be delivered! I am never going to support this company again!
Very poor service at napakatagal magdeliver di sumusunod sa deadline.
Sobrang tagal po ng parcel. nung 11/26/2020 pa ‘being delivered’ ang nakalagay.. till now wala pang dumadating na parcel. pleeeaseee paki follow up naman po.
Isipin mo Metro manila lang, inaabot pa ng anong petsa? Nauna pa yung mga orders ko from overseas na mas late ko inorder. I can't believe it
Masyadong pagong tong ninja Van.
Ayaw ko nang umorder sa lazada ng dahil sa inyo. Napakatagal ng delivery. Lumagpas na sa estimated arrival wala parin, untraceable yong binili kong product. Wala ring update sa tracker. Never again.
Delivery is unsuccessful - Customer requested change of delivery date / time,??? But NO call nor text!!!!! WOWWWW! What a service!!!!!! PS: negative star dapat!
Ambagal magdeliver
Unsatisfied. Orders can’t track
Very hassle!
i hate your delivery process. it sucks
This website is utterly useless since it cannot absolutely track anything that you order. Your services are frustratingly bad.
Paki cancel and refund nalang. Salamat sa pagsira ng pasko ko.
Napakabagal nyo hayup lagpas-lagpas sa date mga animal!
It’s too bad. It’s been two days since I arrived in the Philippines from China
10 days na po since last update ng shopee logistics ko kailan nyo na ideliver? Mas nauna pa order ko na overseas. I HAVE BEEN PATIENT WITH NINJAVAN SINCE DAY 1, inuubos nyo pasensya namin mga costumer. Hindi na talaga ako pipili ng ninjavan. Tagal.
your system is very inadequate in answering our inquiries (e.g. tracking our order)
Courier cancelled my order without my consent and just told me to re order the parcel!
The existence of this tracking platform doesnt make any sense... Worthless!
slow order peste
NABULOK NA ORDER KO SA WAREHOUSE NIYO, ILANG ARAW NA DUN DI NIYO PARIN MAIDELIVER. WALANG KWENTANG COURIER FIRST TIME KO MAG ORDER SA LAZADA GANITO PA.
This tracking system sucks. Your delivery service sucks.i am never buying from Lazada again!
My order has been in transit for 9 days and the last time that ninjavan updated the tracking for my prder was 5 days ago. I have no idea where my package is or when it will arrive. I just get whiplash everytime the courier texts me that they're already outside when five minutes ago I didn't even know where it was. Also very concerning since they don't ask for identification upon receiving the package. My package could easily be stolen and I wouldn't know. My orders from J&T don't frustrate me like this and are very transparent.
YUNG PARCEL KO 1 LINGGO NA MAHIGIT SA SORTING CENTER NYO HINDI NA GUMALAW
Napakatagal mag deliver kahit mabilis shinip ng seller. nauuna pa palaging dumating mga inorder ko na jnt ang courier kahit nauna ko inorder yung item na ninjavan ang courier pareho lang naman local ang pinanggalingan. hindi nako uulit sa inyo. next time kapag ninja van lang ang option na courier hindi nalang ako oorder. Buti pa jnt mas mura ang rate pero mabilis mag deliver
Can't track the parcels. Poor tracking
Other couriers in shopee take 1 day to deliver after receiving an item in their delivery hub. Ninjavan take up to 9days or more just to deliver the items. Fix your warehouse system, you make shopee have a bad name!
Very Unacceptable. Delivery time is way beyond the indicated date of delivery and the order cannot be tracked
Lazada: Free Shipping; nawawala product/ items mo Shopee: Free Shipping; Sira-sira at kulang ang product/ items mo. JNT delivery: Naging bato, yung item mo
di nyo deserve 1 star napakapangit ng service nyo dapat sainyo 0
worst, scam, *** delivery service!
Worst courier. Will never try your service again
Palpak! Ang bagal ng delivery
bakit hindi matrack? punyemas walang silbi! isang linggo na sa sorting yung order ko hndi na gumalaw! aba sayang ang voucher ko, laki pa naman nadiscount ko!
Kung pwede lang mag file ng legal case sakanila. This is the second forum na nakita ko and ganito den ung mga bad feedback sa kanila.
sObrang pangit ng service niyo, hindi lang matagal, sa iba niyo pa dinediliver ung orders namin
I appreciate if you notify us via text/call during delivery attempt I'll never choose this carrier again
Meron akong parcel na sa quezon city lang manggagaling order from shopee maliban sa inabot ng 2weeks bago nag update kung asan ung parcel ko, yung huling update lost parcel na bigla, mahiya naman kayo magsara nalang kayo tutal mga magnanakaw mga tao nyo, kakapal ng muka lost parcel eh nasa warehouse nila?!
Poor service... you guys failed me terribly 2 times! my package arrived damaged...
Yung sa akon din, halos mag iisang buwan na wala pa din. Palaging sinasabi na no feedback from their sortation center.
Absolutly useless!
SO SLOW. UNSATISFIED BY YOUR SERVICE
Nasira yung package ko kahit may fragile. Sobrang bagal pa. Wag kayong magpapadala dito. Worst courier service in the philippines. Basura. Talo pa ng grab at lalamove.
Ninja van is so irresponsible when it comes to delivery i will not trust ninja van anymore
Gosh naman Ninja van, wala naman kahit anong update? Didn't even bother to answer my emails. 10 days na yung parcel ha di padn dumadating ano na? Galaw galaw din no?
Bad lex ph..very slow processing
Pinagpaguran ko yung pera pambili ng item, panregalo sa tatay ko tapos pagdating box lang nakabubble wrap pero may blade cut?! UMAYOS KAYO!
You said that you can’t deliver the package because no one will receive but the truth is that NINJAVAN messaged me that my package is about to be delivered so there is a guard outside our house waiting for the package to be delivered the whole day.
simpleng simple pero sobra tagal badtrip
this is the 2nd time! it's been 2 weeks and i still haven't received my products when it should've arrived here within 3-5 days!!!!! please do your job right and deliver products on time!!!! to those choosing ninjavan, i suggest you should opt for a different shipment company, because their promptness sucks.
Tracking number error and not found
Tinawagan na ko ng mag dedeliver pero hindi siya dumating at hindi na rereply sa text, hindi sumasagot sa tawag. Kinancel yung order ko. Ang tagal ko pa naman na naghihintay. Ambot ninyo yaua
Pinakamabilis na courier ni Lazada at sulit na sulit. Wala pang isang araw dumating na agad order ko
Daming lost item nakakadismaya.
wo weeks later my tracking number is still not active I sent an email to customer service they did not reply
Lousy service! Lousy and unresponsive agents! Poor handling of parcels! Very late deliveries. Shut your company down! You expect us to receive wet and dented parcels? With fragile stickers and all. Guess its just for aesthetics and legitimacy for you sorry excuse as a delivery and courier company. Dont go telling us (when you do decide to reply our inquiries, emails, message on facebook) that you agents and delivery crew are well trained! Check your ratings, check your facebook page, check your email, read what people are saying! Seriously! Ninja Van but uses motorcycles to deliver heavy and large parcels?! Are you kidding me! The last parcel i recieved from you it was just hanging at the back of a motorcycle being squished from the other parcels! Theres a freaking FRAGILE note on the parcel yet was still delivered on a motorcycle and being squished?! And guess what? The insides of my parcel was fucking damaged! Wet and dented boxes!  Ninjavan PH!
Completely worthless. You've managed to redefine WORTHLESSNESS to a whole new level!
Lousy service! Lousy and unresponsive agents! Poor handling of parcels! Very late deliveries. Shut your company down! You expect us to receive wet and dented parcels? With fragile stickers and all. Guess its just for aesthetics and legitimacy for you sorry excuse as a delivery and courier company. Dont go telling us (when you do decide to reply our inquiries, emails, message on facebook) that you agents and delivery crew are well trained! Check your ratings, check your facebook page, check your email, read what people are saying! Seriously! Ninja Van but uses motorcycles to deliver heavy and large parcels?! Are you kidding me! The last parcel i recieved from you it was just hanging at the back of a motorcycle being squished from the other parcels! Theres a freaking FRAGILE note on the parcel yet was still delivered on a motorcycle and being squished?! And guess what? The insides of my parcel was fucking damaged! Wet and dented boxes! Go yourself Ninjavan PH!
"It's over a month now. My item worth 60k is still undelivered and I have already paid for it.
Customer support number is useless. They don't answer. Email customer support does not reply."
Very poor. I am not willing to accept the item
 it is not worth it. It's acceptable if the parcels are delivered super fast, but it's not. They're charging a premium rate for a poor service .
Sobrang bagal, walang update and parang walang pakialam sa customers! Mag-sarado na kayo!!!
i try to trace my package but the result is in scs return central hub, also i go in opvi centre #2295 the guard said they dont have any warehouse
I'm waiting for my parcel for 14 days. And finally the tracking information says that my package will be attempted to deliver, but after the whole day of waiting there's no one who deliver it. And the update just says that I refuse to accept even though there's no one who deliver it!
Parcel has always been undelivered for 3 consecutive days already. No reply from Messenger and even on email.
Understanding that we are in difficult time, I opted for a branch pick-up instead of door to door delivery for some goods I bought online. Received a text message saying the package is available
EXTREMELY hard to deal with. They will ignore your questions and request as if they do not need clients. You are not a priority. Staff disregards queries and is just plain lazy.
Worst Company EVEEEEEEERRRRR. I have been trying to contact their customer service but its useless!!! 
shipment original destination is cagayan valley wrongly delivered
ANG TAGAL NG ORDER KO! MAGSARA NA KAYO! VERY POOR SERVICE!
If it's possible to rate Ninja Van with a negative rating, they would be on top. The difference between J&T and Ninja Van's speed in pick up and delivery is miles and miles long. Please, if you are a seller especially for international dropshippers, if you have to ship to the Philippines, choose J&T and other couriers. DO NOT CHOOSE NINJA VAN. IT WILL STRESS OUT YOUR CUSTOMERS. VERY POOR SERVICE!
Worst delivery boy that I've ever encounter!!! He doesn't know where to deliver and he's rude!
I checked online the status still same its say forward to calbayog since jue 19 until now no update. And. I keep calling few times of the customer service why my package longer.
Delivery was said to arrive 2 days ago, yet it still hasen’t arrive. Please show an exact delivery date para d hassle po sa amin na reciever. Ang bagal po ng service ninyo sa ibang providers mabilis naman. Hindi ako ang pumili ng courier eh. Sad lng bad experience
Untill now wala pa din nadating delivery.. i already sent email as iam the recipient of course im asking the. sender why so delayed, kaya help ko din s sender na to call and went to other
Tuwing umoorder ako from shopee laging sobrang tagal kapag ninja van ang courier yung bwisit na bwisit ka na dahil mag iisang buwan na wala prin yung order mo, daming nagcancel sakin ng orders sa onlineshop ko dahil sa courier na to nakakabwisit
kt ngaun super delay?ikkatwiran nyo Isa lng local shuttle nyo n gngmit s pagikot s northern luzon?nd katwiran un!! Ayusin nyo shipping nyo DHL ngbbyad ng mhal Ang mga customer nyo s sf!!!dpat nrrcve ng customer ang items on time!!that should be the service.
Ninjavan tamad.bakit return to sender my parcel.hindi nga sila nagcontact da akin.tapos balik to sender
I purchased a product from Lazada and the courier was LBC. And the delivery is super fast. Great Job LBC!!
IVE BEEN CALLING SEVERAL CUSTOMER SERVICE HOWEVER THEY'RE ONLY RESPONSE IS ILL BE FOLLOWING UP/ EXPEDITE THE PROCESS.
BCOZ THEY ARE FUK STUPID PERSONNELS AND STAFF , THEY NEVER ANSWER THEIR HOTLINE NUMBER IN PHILIPPINES WHICH IS 8858-5999. I WISH THEY WOUKLD JUST SHUTDOWN THIS BUSINESS. ALL OF YOU THERE ARE IN LBC ARE FUK' BULSHT!!! YOU ARE WASTING OUR TIME WAITING FOR YOU TO ANSWER OUR CALLS. CLOSE DOWN NA LANG KAYO MGA PUTANG INA NYO!!!
fake po. drone binili ko, tapos nng dumating di ko muna pinaalis ang courier, ng binuksan namin dalawang battery pack lang ang laman, kaya pala umaalog alog, napaka gaan. ayaw ko na.
palpak yung app at ang courier
Laging no record kaya bad for business
All numbers (if you can get through at all) answer in other countries and nobody cares about the fraud they are participating in. This company needs to investigated by the authorities immediately.
Logged on the website and cancel the transaction no problem. their network systems are either not linked or non synced properly
Thank you LBC for safely delivering my baggage to my house in north cotabato
I felt so bad with the service, I am a stroke person. I supposed to receive the result of my CTscan last monday
YOU FAILED TO DELIVER MY CREDIT CARD IVE BEEN WAITING FOR 3 MONTHS NOW!!! F***KING HILARIOUS. YOU DON’T EVEN BOTHER TO CALL ME. IM IN THE SECOND FLOOR AND HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO HEAR YOU F***KING KNOCKING?
(KANINO TO?)
If I can give a rating lower than 0 to the service I received from LBC, it would be more suitable! My box was scheduled to be picked up between 0800-1200. That in itself is a very long wait! The guy came at 1240 and was soooo rude! He did not even apologize, for being late.
I'm really disappointed to the driver of Ninjavan. When I talk to the guard of where am I working, the money is being staple but I didn't receive the exact change for my parcel.
Cannot be tracked. Cancel my order. This courier tracking site is useless.
nasa pinas na daw sabi ni lazada papunta na sa local sortation center, tapos not found pa rin dito sa tracking site na ito. delete this site!!!
Ang kukupad nyo walang kwenta
Kung sino po pwede makausap kasi sobrang nakakainis yung nagdeliver at di siya nagsorry sabi ko naman di ako nagmamadali sa item ko kaya pwede paredeliver nalang.
Late and useless tracking, cancellation means the order is cancelled please delivery boys have the brains to understand that. Kapag hindi niyo talaga alam magtanong kayo sa niyo.
there was no other attempt and the order was cancelled instead. It was marked insufficient cash when I didn't even get the chance to get or pay the item.
My delivery is failed! So as others! Lazada is so tarnished because of this courier. Please investigate this anomaly if you want to continue your service. Something is really going on.
NOT RECOMMENDED FOR PARCEL SHIPPING
tracking update and delivery very slow... kung may negative 5 star... yan ang ilalagay ko sa rate nyo
Di matrack yung item, nagcacancel ng order, Bulok
Always incorrect details kaya not useful
ang bano ng serbisyo niyo
Improve your delivery. Taking so long to receive the items.
mga mangmang ang gumawa nito matalino pa ipis sainyo shyet
Walang kwenta... Para sa influncer, artista or vloggers lang tlga mabilis ma shipping ng lazada
Fake news website
just shut down this website and don't even bother doing it again just let JnT take over the delivery business, you incompetent fucks
Umay napakabagal ng delivery
Walang silbi. Di nakakatrack ng package at di tulad ng ibang courier na andali lang magtrack ng package.
The Delivery is super duper SLOW.
PACKAGE ALREADY SO MANY DAYS IN YOUR POSSESION BUT YOU DONT DELIVER HUH. TRASH
If there is negative 1000000 star i will give it to you because of your fucking worthless poor service .just destroy your company
Despite so much Lazada orders, I have never received tracking statuses and updates here. Useless and incompetent.
Bulok ang serbisyo nyo ang tagal ng nasa inyo package ko di pa rin hinahatid
service is poor and products are often damage
Walang kwentang site, irereport ko to
There is a tracking code but when you input it here then it said that it cannot be found.
This tracker is never working in any orders and its just a waste.
Sobrang tagal. From QC to marikina lang. Ilang araw nang nasa sorting hub, wala pa rin akong update. Will never use this courier again. Very disappointing service
Remove this stupidity now if you can't fix this mess.
lack of instruction on how to track a package
Super bagal. No updates. Poor handling. Name it, they've got it.
Total waste of time going to this site with a tracking number that is not on the records at all. Is Lazada giving us just random numbers?
I also work in but i never greet my clients with bad temper like that guy. I don't want him to lose his job but please do reprimand him. Next time i will not put up with his attitude anymore.
Cant track at all website needs work. The tracking is a scam dont even bother tracking it
Outdated. Not reliable.
lazada system low class. cheking tracking coriuer and the item not found
Delayed na delivery nyo, hindi pa rin ma track sa website nyo? ano to? SO MUCH INCONVENIENCE, A LOT OF US ARE EXPERIENCING RIGHT NOW.PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS.
Pangit ng service nyo.at di malocate na shipment.naglagay pa kayo ng track parcel na di naman malocate
Last august 10 pa order ko, until now wala pa. Wala talagang kwentang ninjavan. Magsara na kayo. Mga order ko ay hindi nakakarating sakin
This is the 3rd time I had this experience with ninja van... Riders are not attempting to deliver the item and yet they are saying that nobody is available to accept the parcel.. How would they know.. ginagawa nyong tanga mga tao.. Nobody even texted... Sinungaling mga rider unlike J&T..Kung may 0 star un ang ibibigay ko.. this company doesn't deserve a star.. leche kau
Worst, they are the worst!! They are not even answer calls, even their so called hotlines, the quality of service Is very low I dont even know what to say anymore.
Unhappy customer here. LBC is not true to its promise. Customer service is not giving the right assistance for concerns and your delivery team is not great.. You're wasting your client's time, instead of being productive, our time is wasted for waiting day by day on your delivery team which beyond the date scheduled.
it says that "We tried to deliver your shipment but recipient's address cannot be located. Please get in touch with us through our official customer care channels." My address is easy to find, even shopee and lazada can to find it. 
Ayusin niyo naman yang service niyo!!! Walang kwenta laging nasstock sa hub niyo yung mga parcel kahit nasa area na ng receiver!!! at madalas walang reservation kaya hindi napipick up item sa seller!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Pangit ng sevice niyo!!! Mas okay pa J&T mabilis!!!! at nagdedeliver ng sunday!!!!!!
 their rules limits what can you send or receive, very inefficient, do not use their service better use government postal service instead.
All of their employee's are so lazy. They dont notify the sender if the delivery was sent, damage nor lost. They're so irresponsible.
Grabeng Delay. wlang kwrnta yan
Tried to use the Balikbayan Box service here in the UK. The delivery of their LBC specific boxes were quick and simple. They charged £20 for two boxes which they said they would deduct from the final amount when I come to pay for the boxes.
no wonder delivery took so long, i ordered from PANDACAN mANILA from seller in BINONDO area. on the 3rd day i checked my shipping update and it shows that parcel arrived at sorting hub CABUYAO LAGUNA??????? & when you track the order at their website it shows 3 days in transit. CRAZY!!!!!!!
Best local courier in the Philippines. My packages is safe & secure. Excellent service! Thank you!
Lbc is been my best remittance center and courier. I feel that my packages is safe and secure when it comes to delivery. Thank you. Keep up the quality service
It was Cash on Delivery. My buyer cancelled the order, so basically I didn't earn I even got loss money for the shippment. So frustated service. Please don't send your packages here. No guarantee at all.
Appalling collection service for the south west area of the U.K. Agent does not reply when collection requested. After a few more unanswered calls asking him to come , he finally picked up and became very abusive because we were calling him ! He said as we only had one large box (which we had paid for) it wasn’t worth his time coming round to collect. Shouting down the phone at customers who are trying to secure a collection date is very bad business practice.
Box damaged and they call you after it arrive after 7days and tell you will be another 1-2days then it never leaves manila to go to Mindanao so I call back they tell me 3-4 days and can't even be sure it will still be there in that time.
Giving them 4 stars.Medyo late lang ng ilang hours but okay pa din.Mabait na delivery man.Sana tuloy-tuloy ang good service.
apaka angas ng staff parang di mo binabayaran yung service nila. Baliwag bayan branch and san jose baliwag branch. Dami nagrereklamo lalo sa baliwag bayan branch. Kung may iba lang talaga na mas malapit.
"Thank you Ninja Van PH! I hope you can sort things out! Have a blast!

"
SOBRANG TAGAL. NAGASTOS KO NA PAMBAYAD KO SA ITEM. 18 DAYS WTF. SANA PUMUNTA NALANG AKO QUIAPO MAS MABILIS PA SIGURO.

Poor customer service, rude cashiers and bad attitude.

Might as well remove your contact details as no one is attending to calls or responding to text messages. My parcel arrived since Dec 5 and yet until now Item is still out of hand.
"un sa careless na humawak ng parcel ko...mamahaling plants na inorder ko na .pagkareceive ko...daming mga sirang dahon...halos lahat sira...pag may handle with care, 
fragule,lalong lalo na ang mga plants...dapat iniingatan nyo ang pagkakadeliver.. ayusin nyo trabaho nyo..sinusuwelduhan kau.CAVITE branch"
I had 7th time transaction but none of that have delivered..I paid for door to door it doesn't even matter to them if the parcel is perishable or not..their staff is not accomodating..when you called and text them don't expect for any response..poor system and service..express doesn't fit for their brand..JRS not express should be your name in batangas branch..customer service doesn't help anyway.
even only from kabankalan to bacolod it would take 5 days to to be delivered. Also, they won't adjust to the receiver. They keep readjusting the schedule of your delivery to the same address. Guess what, I claim the package 10 days later at the warehouse. I prefer J&T na lang
thank you so much for taking care of my packages! Since ECQ you guys have been nothing but really nice and easy to commu icate with! God bless po!
Poor customer service , some of the riders.
maangas mga staff nyo sa roces branch

This company should be closed 😡. Bad experience.
nagbayad ng shipping fee tapos ipapapick akn ung parcel ko porket hindi cod hndi na idedeliver ung parcel .
crazy management, misleading information... we send package from naga city  bicol going to laguna (inayapan sta maria) via door to door service but sadly a poor service  happened..beside we pay for it as door to door.
doesn't even answer to any concerns! 'Next Day delivery'?????? LOL. Almost 2 weeks na po, I'm still waiting for my parcel to be delivered po! Do your job properly naman!
Nagpadala ako ng gamit sa kaibigan ko papunta sa vietnam. 2 weeks na nasa main office pa rin nila kung saan ipinadala ang gamit ko. Express delivery pa man din ang biniyarang ng kaibigan ko. Sayang ang oras na paghihintay sa gamit na pinadala ko
I sent a package November 18 and until now it wasn't delivered yet. One representative promised to have it delivered last week. Almost a month na wala pa din na deliver.
binuksan yung parcel ko cashew nuts ang laman dalawang pack sabog na, tinikman. Di halata sa gilid na may bukas dahil tinipan  ulit sa kabilang side may  punit.
1 week na nasa SUCAT STATION parin bilhin jiyo na paninda ko tapos imbak niyo na jan sa ware house niyo
Pati mga customer eh nagagalit sa supplier dahil sa kabagalan
very fast delivery. Thank you JRS
Like pinalabas pa ko bili daw muna ako sa labas para mabaryahan pera ko kasi wala silang pambarya. Bakit parang kasalanan ko?????????
agi nlang delayed at napupunta pa sa ibang location ang parcel pagdating pa sau gutay gutay na ..i used to liked jrs before pero ngaun kong may zero star yan ang rate ko. ilang parcel ko ang basag,sira, basa ng dumating sa kin or sa buyer ko.  
"delays, undelivered items. 
No idea who to ask, nakakapikon mag- antay sa wala. 
May tracking, nga hindi nmn gumagalaw."
KADAMI MGA RASON, HINDI NAMAN KAYO PWEDE LUMIPAD PAPUNTA SA MIAGAO  BRANCH NYO NA HINDI DUMADAAN SA TIGBAUAN, DOOR TO DOOR TAPOS IPAPAPICK UP NYO???
ILAN LANG LAMAN NG PARCEL KO AABUTIN NA NG ISANG HUWAN JAN SAINYO ang dami niyong dahilan! MASKI CELLPHONE NUMBER TINATAWAGAN WALANG SUMASAGOT NAPAKA IRESPONSABLE NIYO NAMAN!!!! MAS MATAGAL PA YUNG ITEM SAINYO KESA SA PATAHIAN EH NO? KUNG AYAW NIY MAG DELIVER MASKI SAGUTIN NIYO LANG TAWAG SAINYO!!!!
Making ghost Delivery n sobra tagal ng parcel ko plants pa naman
gnwa Ng staff nyo pinag ISA un resibo tpos Nd nmn pinagdikit dlawang parcel q ngtitipid s resibo pweerwisyo nman .aun Nd q mtrack ngaun mdme dme NSA loob nun...ngaun inupdate wala kau gngwa
diyos ko sir Yung order ko from kidapawan ang parcel ko nasa Cebu pa noong last week November 11 anung date na ngayun 15 na
Imagine, May 22 pa un, napunta sa Head Office nila, May 29 pa then, wala na akong update hanggang ngayon.. Ang ibang orders ko galing dn jan sa luzon, May 28 pinadala, after 1 week, natanggap ko na sa J&T at LBC.. Wow naman! Nakakadismaya kau.
Laman ng box padala ate ko. Inuod at nabulok. Tagal ng delivery.
3 weeks na d pa dumating sa akin. Naka tatlong order na aq sa LBC galing pa.Japan and Singapore.. Dumating last week pa. sa inyo d pa din. Ung code tracker nyo pa basura.
,i do understand nman na pandemic situation kaso mag 1month na ung parcel ku ndi pa na deliver Manila to Davao City wla man lang message kung bakit delayed.At pinaka worst sa  lahat tinatawagan ang number nnu una lang may sumagot pagka sunod araw bigla nlang off,nagbabayad po kami ng saktong shipment fee kaya mag trabaho din kayu na sakto. Pag ndi pa rin dumating ung padala ku magiging sikat kayu sa social media
Anong nangyari sa service nyo ang kupad, more than 1 week ng di umuusad ung  parcel. Me balak ba kayong i deliver yan o itetengga nyo lang yan jan? Masisira kabuhayan namin sa inyo
putang ina nyo anung araw na wala parin item ko
please update your tracking system.
gtarong mo ug trabaho kay inyung customer sakto nag bayad sa inyuha kung dli nmu kaya ma accomodate may oag mag closed mo10days na parcel ko, lugi na po kmi dahil wala nang buyers pinacancel na po lahat, May 30 na po ngayon! 
Please do something!!!
Grbe ka arogante sa mga delivery guys ninyo, as if imoha pang sala if dili sila kabalo mubasa sa address. 2 times, gipagbigyan lang nako mo sa first pero murag ana jud diay ang inyong cultura sguro. Mga arrogante kaayo mo!
Manila lng po ilang araw na nstock jan sa head office ung parcel ko
They lost my parcel. Worst courier ever. Please shut down.
Actually deliver the items instead of claiming false cancellations. Be accountable for missing items. Untrustworthy courier service. Very very very bad service. They will singlegandedly ruin Lazada's position in the market due to unfulfilled orders and missing items.
Garbage. Inefficient. This should not be allowed to operate as courier. No sense of urgency and responsibility. 
They marked my delivery as failed even I already updated the address and add an Authorized person to receive my package which is just 1 house away from my house. worst part is they tagged it as "Customer had insufficient cash" when it did not even arrive to the authorized person's address.
I filled out a form for re-delivery (because I was out-of-town when they delivered) but they never contacted me and found out that they already cancelled it. Worst part is they  noted in the reason that I requested to.cancel.the delivery. They're so dishonest and liars. Worst courier of Lazada.
almost 2 weeks na ang failed delivery with no words from lex.
THEY'RE WORST THAN J&T! THE STAFF ARE LIARS!
Great I've Been Expecting My Package For 2 Weeks Now I Wish My Lazada Package Was Given To Other Delivery Service Than LexPH I Wish All The Online Shopping Company Should Remove LEX PH On Their Delivery Service. And Fun Fact The Delivery Is Delayed And The Package Quality After Being Delivered Is So Bad. So If Your Package Is Getting Delivered By LexPH "Cancel It Immediately" Or Your Gonna Expecting Either A Broken Package Or An Broken Expectations.
they actually skip my location although i was the first one to request earlier delivery of my parcel.when i asked them to deliver it tomorrow because they are insisting to deliver it at 10pm!
"I asked the seller what is the reason why the courier cancelled it, they responded na I have indicated “a wrong address” daw. When in fact, my address is correct & a detailed one.
Also, I haven’t received any calls or messages from LEX PH if my item is ready for delivery na.
I could say that your service is the WORST.
"
"o I ordered the same thing.
Second Item was tagged “Delivered” but we didn’t receive anything! Both was already refunded.
Ang hassle. Lazada, ano na? Di niyo pa ba iccancel partnership niyo dito? I dont wonder why many people shifting to shoppee, wrong choice of courier!"
I don’t know why LEX is still running a delivery service. Napaka incompetent! First attempt delivery was failed because they delivered during weekend and I was not in the office. They sent me a form to fill-up to request for a re-delivery. I did right after I received the link (which was less than 12 hours ago), suddenly when I checked my orders in Lazada app, they decided to tagged my order as failed delivery and my orders is sent back to seller. WOW!!!! Lex, never heard of second delivery? Wala kayong kwenta. Basta failed nung una, failed na lahat. Hindi naman first time may mag pa deliver sa amin ng LEX! Sobra kayo! Magsara na lang kayo! 
ayaw nila ng redeliver gus2 nila upon dispatched kunin agad item upon idelivery d uso sa knila ung 2-3x delivery attempt
napaka walang kwentang courier niyo. nereceived niya yong item at pinermahan niya..kunyare narecieved na ng customer. Paano kasi bayad yong na ang item
"So far so good!
No bad record so far.
Very accomodating agents."
This is the second time I received the wrong order. The first time I ordered a five-layer stainless steamer. When the delivery arrived, it was a pair of foot socks! Good thing it was COD! Even the delivery guy whom we’ve gotten to know said not to open the package because it didn’t look anything like a 5-layer steamer. The second time is just now. I ordered an ergonomic office chair. What arrived? A doggy-bone shaped pillow!!! Seriously LEX.PH, do you think customers are that stupid to not know. I accepted the delivery because I was waiting for two, and I assumed the bigger package was the chair. To my horror, I was so wrong!!! And, the number you posted on your page when I searched for you in google, belongs to someone not related or connected to you! 
Their delivery is unsatisfactory. They suddenly marked my package as a failed delivery. My address is correct and my contact number is reachable. The driver texted the he will be delivering my parcel but I received nothing. There was no attempt in delivery, so I called the driver, 5 times until he picked-up. He said he left my package as per manager's order and that's it.
"I can't stress this enough but they have the worst courier service I have ever encountered.

"
They are able to deliver in a reasonable amount of time. I admire the extent of their Nationwide Coverage. However, my problem recently is that there is an ongoing system upgrade and irt has been taking so long already. been trying to ship out my products since Thursday, but I can't because all drop shiipping sites are inactive. They say they need to log in because the system upgraded. They keep on saying tomorrow. It is already Monday now, but I still have the same response.
They don't delivery the items. They mark the delivery as failed delivery with garbage reasons or they don't put any reason at all. No phone call no text message they just mark your delivery as failed.
they marked as delivered.. I still haven't heard anything from Lazada. The driver is Jose Pilapil Escalante Jr. of LEX PH with tracking number MP0001721180. I already paid via credit card.
Funny lagi na lng Attempt to deliver your package was not successful. Ang laki naman ng Signage(address namin) Ang tatamad at napakasinungaling na delivery personnel. Btw masama loob ko sa 1 star kc dapat angry emoji
First they will call and when you give them information of the time you'll be able to receive it they will say yes. but they do not provide their drivers with gps so drivers have to call again and to ask where the loca7tion is. If you missed the call you will not receive it. excuse, hindi alam ng driver location mo. (Diba nga kaya may address?)  Then they will blame the customer for not being able to receive it.
tracking the number of the item ordered. no progress. no sign of delivering the item. what happened?
walang nagtxt.walang tumawag,wala namang nagpunta sa bahay kaya anong basehan nila sa failed delivery???mga panuway
palitan nyo na mga rider nyo ang dali dali lng hnapin ng lugar na pagdedeliviran hndi pa mhanap cancel ko na order q ngaun tinxt q na location knina hndi nlng sxa mgtanung tanung sa mga tao.
same scenario on all the reviews here.. (bataan hub) reported failed delivery attempt and return to sender. but no delivery attempt happen. lazy courier.
i just received a notification for my lazada order prior to lockdown pa that they have failed attempts of delivering there fore delivery failed daw. but people are home lang so how can there be no one to receive it. did you even attempt?
HAWAK NA YUNG ITEM PERO AYAW PA IDELIVER
in my address. You reported it as failed delivery, where as it was not even sent on my doorstep. Please give us the proper and professional delivery of essential items (med supplements and face masks)we ordered in lazada.I am tracking my items and yet NO Delivery on my said address came. Kindly check on this ASAP. Thank you.
SOBRANG TAGAL MAG DELIVER BADTRIP AABUTIN NG 10DAYS PERO MANILA TO MANILA LANG NAMAN!
mga to walang effort maghanap ng customer na dedeliveran
"They've cancelled the customers order on their own, lazy and bullshit service.

"
Pinaka worst sa pinaka worst delivery service.
dahil half day lang sila ngayun dec 24 pag di na sagot ng isang beses ang tawag automatic delivery failed at return to seller ang item!! grabee. e di nmn talaga sila tumatawag nuon eh at na dedeliver naman. mga tamad lang talaga!!!!
ayusin niyo trabaho niyo!
Failed delivery attempt? I did not recieve anything not a text nor a call. This happened 3 times already.
Too long to deliver, more its been 34 days now but the package is still not here... Don't you ever dare to make it failed because you haven't delivered it yet..
"nag email sa akin nka ilang attemp daw sila pag delivery ng order ko. 
Kahit isang tawag or text wala nga akong natanggap."
Yung seller kayo tinuturo dahil may proof sila na in good condition ang product. Wala kayong pinagiba sa J&T. Walang malasakit sa kapwa. Masama kayong company.
delivered at 7pm with no text or warning. i stayed at home until 5pm to wait for a delivery or a text but since i did not receive either, i stepped out to do my errands for the day. I requested to reschedule and the deliveryman said it will be rescheduled but the tracking said that the package will not be delivered again and will be sent back to the seller.
they don't ship the item on time scheduled
Di po marunong mag bayad ng utang ang delivery guy
16 days ng nasa warehouse yung item. Nag enjoy ata sila masyado titigan yung item.
Fire all senior managers and hire new ones that are not dumb
"My package was sent back to your San Pedro Sorting Center when your courier failed to contact me during its deluvery and yet until this time I never received any update as to when it will be delivered back...
I tried to contact the courier but no response until this minute"
worst courier ever... masisira negosyo ng mga nasa lazada dahil sa inyo...
2x ngorder ng same product, 2x din ngdelivery failed, dba ang galing, pati customer service ng Lazada di alam ang dahilan... ni tawag or txt wlang natangap.. mgclose na kau kc wlang pagbabago yang systema ninyo... kinukuha nyo yung mga good product then pinapalitan
Lex ph all my order is being cancelled. grabe serbisyo nyo nakaka perwisyo

"We have 3 orders from Lazada with different tracking # that are all failed deliver attempts.
Pinunthan namin s sorting Station kc nndun na dw pero di makita ang item. Tapos ssvhin attempt to deliver. Sana kung d alam ang lugar dpat tumawag sila para san payang contact # na binigay namin."
Poor services!!!!! napakabagal ng sevice!
Since nagstart ako umorder s Lazada, ang laging courier na nagdedeliver sakin ay Lex PH. Karamihan naman ay dumadating ng mas maaga sa nakalagay na expected date of delivery, although walang tawag or text galing s mga delivery man, siguro dahil alam na rin nila un bahay namin kasi suki na ko ng Lazada haha 😂 yung mga delivery man mababait naman kahit na pag nagdeliver sila palaging tulog pa ko hahaha sila yata ala clock ko sa umaga haha 😂 yung mga package safe ko naman narereceive. Last time lang nagkaproblema dahil nakalagay sa package ko ay 6 items pero 2 items lang naman pero dahil okay un delivery man, sabi nya cancel nalang daw tapos order nalang daw ako ng bago dahil nga kulang un irereceive kong item. Sa ngayon, wala pa naman complains, pero sana hindi mangyari un.
My order under tracking number AA0008623342 failed due to invalid address. I never had such problems with my previous purchases. You courier Rodel Satairaparan Superal never called nor text me. I'm expecting that delivery today as the Lazada app stated.
My essential goods weren't delivered...in my address. You reported it as failed delivery, where as it was not even sent on my doorstep. Please give us the proper and professional delivery of essential items (med supplements and face masks)we ordered in lazada.I am tracking my items and yet NO Delivery on my said address came.
WORST COURIER EVER! 32 DAYS INCOUNTING MY ITEM STILL ON TRANSIT WTF!
My items has not been delivered yet until now. Still in san pedro sortation center. I need the item as soon as possible. Lex ph is already late on delivering my parcel.

I ordered watch from casio ph then wala yung mismong watch sa package!
My order says it was already delivered but I did not receive any item the name of the courier is Rey Ducusin Maglaya never ever choose LEX PH again as your courier
ang bubu ng courier service na ito 11.11 pa ako nag order mag 12.12 na wla pa rin ang parcel ko kakainis nakaka dismaya sa sunod di na ako oorder kung lex ph hahandle ng parcels ko.

Modifying my recommendation just because of Christopher Ybanez. Twice! Never nag fail delivery pag sayo. Thank you! Shame on you Dharlene Maglonso! Paanong failed delivery?! Di ka nga nag attempt kumontak. Waiting for 3 more packages. Pede ba ikaw na lang din po Christopher. Lex Ph, Christopher is a keeper.
the delivery since March before Quarantine. Tapos yesterday I messaged the supplier and they said paintay lang. Then i checked the tracker this evening and FAILED DELIVERY, Eh nandito lang naman kami sa bahay palagi! ??
My orders were marked as DELIVERED but i never received the products i ordered (mga face shield) . Buti COD ang mode of payment.
Not sure why they took so long delivery to small parcel where the sender and receiver is in Metro Manila as I know delivery time should only be around 2 to 3 days... The delivery took about 7 days so disappointed with this delivery courier
"my order is tagged as failed delivery with out notification either through call or text. 
i mean WTF!  Warren Cuizon Ardiente are you even doing your job? he's thr one assignnto deliver my package but did not even bother to notify me. he can just text me. please do better job next time"
Daming kawatan dito! Hindi maayos serbisyo! tang ina niyo pare-parehas!
A company which cannot track items in its own warehouse should just stop doing business.
ilang araw nang delayed yung mga order ko! ano na? and take note! that was all paid! so ano na?????? i'm trying to search my package and Lazada said it seems the tracking number that i i've entered is no longer exist? but it is still to rexieved with my lazada acc? what the hell is happening!!!! it was all with LEX PH!!!! i was so disappointed!!!
your delivery man are changing the product what we ordered a huge problem with your delivery man we're not saying at all.
he person who should be delivering my item did not call nor text me....
no follow-up on text messages...

"Napaka bagal ng service, kadalasan pa delivery failed!
nakaka bweset, ang best sa company nyo? MAG SARA
daig nyo pa ang pagong at batugan mga trabahador,"
Can you please help me with this? I still haven't heard anything from Lazada. The driver is Jose Pilapil Escalante Jr. of LEX PH with tracking number MP0001721180. I already paid via credit card.
hanngang ngaun di dumadating ang order.
napaka bagal ng delivery, .yung phone na inroder ng may 15, wala padin mag iisang bwan na. Iniipon pa ata bago i deliver para sabay sabay na kung magkakalapit lang ang lugar. tsaka yung sa San Pedro sortation Center? Grabe karamihan ay nagrereklamo kase wala nang galawan ang parcel nila kapag nandon na. ang tagal i pa ship nasa Pilipinas na nga lang ang tagal pa ideliver. metro manila naman location ko/namin tsskskk

the delivery boys are cery unprofessional mga walang hiya at walang respeto
Quit being a courier service you are just giving people hassles.
poor service dami naman carrier bakit sa lex pa.... jun 2 pa dumating sa mandaue order ko..... anu na ngaun jun 9 hindi pa hinatid...
"im just 2 kms away from lexpasay at met talk to your delivery personel
we dont have to fill up another form with in 12 hours just to deliver our tem
because your delivery personel didn't even try to contact us my number is active and my address is the same"
Walang kakwenta-kwentang courier! Ni-update wala! Naghihintay sa wala yung customer! Magbibigay ng delivery date di naman nasusunod!
WALANG KWENTA MABILIS LANG MAG DELIVER PAG COD... BASTA ALAM NILA MY MAKUKUHA SILA PERA SAKA LANG SILA MAG DEDELIVER
Lex ph whats going on? Package is sitting your hub for 4days. And you wont allow customers to pick it up in your hub? What the heck! People wont resort to pick up their package if deliveries are done properly. Why other couriers able to deliver goods wether essential or non essential goods? Are you just beigg so lazy? Other hubs allow their customer to pick up their package because the delivery is much slower than a snail mail. But the lazada hub in mandaluyong wont allow their cust to pick up? Customers are taking the iniative to just get their package instead of waiting for forever.
this is the second time order will be cancelled because if your incompetece. tracking number SO0112037928. Perfecto Creo Ubana Jr, your delivery guy just decided to mark my delivery as unsuccessful when he did not even made contact either thru sms or call about him being in front of our place. I lost time waiting on him all day. If this order will not get to me I'll definitely make sure to publicly criticize your company daily. This'll be the second time that I'll have an order cancelled because of you guys!
Kayo lang talaga pinaka nag iisang walang kwentang courier dito sa pinas kung i ko compare service nyo sa ibang couriers . Ang dami ng reklamo sa inyo wala kayo ginagawang solusyon. Dapat sa inyo nirereport o pinapa tulfo ng magtanda kayo sa mga katarantaduhan nyo at katamaran ng employee nyo. May mga reports at evidence na lagpas estimated date na or lagpas na 15 days ang order nila and yet naka tengga lang or still transit pa rin sayo walang progreso.
These people dont deliver but steal customer package and stop responding.They should be banned in every country
"3 ITEMS ORDER KO TAPOS 1 ITEMS LANG DUMATING ..
ISANG SELLER LANG BINILAN KO KAYA DAPAT SABAY SABAY DARATING YON"
Nice delivery men, and most especialy. Happy Man smiling face yung natotoka sa akin delivery man. Thank you LEX PH
Ang order namin na presurewasher,pagbukas namin sa box,Tama Ang box,pero pinalitan Ang laman,subrang luma Ang laman at sira pa na prusure washer......bad
"Magsbe nlng kayo kung hindi nyo madedeliver. too much advertisement that YOU can deliver essentials. if ur going to deliver after a month. waste of money and time! wed rather fall in line all day at supermarkets. we will go home with the milk formula for our baby. Instead of waiting for a milk thats been paid.
btw its more than a month!"
One week na yung order ko "On the way to local sort center pa rin". What the hell are you doing LEX PH? And they will give you a useless tracking # that you can't track using their website. Paki check nga kung ano nang nangyari sa order ko? LEXST012964244PH
Bakit po ganun? Sa pinakaunang pagkakataon binigo ako ng LEX PH. Imbes na sa San Pedro logistics ibagsak parcel ko,nakarating ng LIPA? Ilang days ko na tina track, tumawag na din sa akin mismong hub, wala pa din nangyayari wala atang balak ideliver yun order ko. nakakainis lang kasi ang tagal ko na dapat natanggap natengga at naligaw pa.
mga bobo tao dito dapat sinyo mawalan ng trabaho at mamatay sa gutom!
Bakit hanggang ngayon wala pa po yung na order ko na Ragusa alloy brake at mtb disc brake caliper/rotor set. May ka po niya na order hanggang ngayon wala parin. Hindi na ako maka trabaho. Sana naman maka tanggap man lang ng text.
Grabe kayo LEX PH. UMORDER AKO NG 2 ITEMS ISA LANG IBINIGAY NYO TINAKPAN NYO PA YUNG PAPEL SA PACKAGE NA GALING SA SELLER.
Surprise na surprise talaga. And then after 5 mins. Aalis na agad ung courier.  And im very dissapointed. Ano un. Need namin intayin ung magdedeliver whole day. Tapos tinanung pa ako ng courier kung sino may kasalanan samin. 😅  Not even thinking na buong maghapon ko na syang inintay. Hindi na ako umalis ng apartment para lang mareceived ko ang product.  😅. Please paki orient ng matino mga delivery man nyo. Salamat
Bobo nman mga delivery nila hinintay ko na ngakasi malapit lang siya hindi parin niya dinilever.....at kinancel pa nang hinayupak....bat pa kasi d nalang j&t napasipag nila magdeliver

isang buwan na order ko na mouse
my order was cancelled today for the reason of technical, anong connect ? since last Dec 26, 2020 nandito na sa Davao yung item and due for delivery na.
"Nag cocomplain clients nag aantay ma deliver tapos di sila kinokontak
NO ATTEMPT TO RE DELIVER! 
PALAGING SIRA ANG ITEMS PAG KAYO NAG DELIVER! 
PAID KAYO PERO PALAGING BAD SERVICE!"
"Bakit ang lousy delivery Guy Ninyo mag Cancel outright ng Order if walang tao sa bahay na paghahatiran.
Saka tatawag kapag anjan na sa delivery address.
Dapat kasi, may advance notice text din kayo.
Look at Ximex 2 days before may alert text na sila to expect delivery and prepare payment.
Kaya smooth ang transaction.
Wala naman kayo online payment din pinoprovide incase pwede mag online banking transfer sa payment ,even Gcash.
Hindi ninyo pino protect Seller and Buyers ninyo. Derecho cancel while haba ng waiting time ko sa delivery na yan.
Minsan mga buyers na overlooked na may schedule that day, hindi lang dapat sa email e asa ninyo as hindi lahat buyers nagbubukas email pagkagising na pagkagising"
They should close you down. The reviews are bad enough
2 items ko rejected at doorstep. Bkit ganun wala nman dumadating na delivery man d2. Dati call mga delivery man now wala at masakit p alam ko n Idideliver n tapos makikita ko s status failed. Dadating p kya ang mga orders ko?
kapg ito courrier ng item qh 💯 percent mkkrating yan....minsan kung my problema kayo sa dilivery nyo nsa diskarte yan ng courrier...yang tatlo n yan d best courier mga yan 200plus item qh inorder sa Lazada....walang pumalpak sa dilivery qh kpg sila courier...i guarantee mkkrating item nyo.keep it up mga boss..
napaka arte nyo..!! hindi nyo ba alam ung 2-3x delivery attempt? gus2 nyo upon dispatched and delivery makuha agad ung item tapos kau pang galit.
bakit iba ang amoy ng glutamansi with baking soda? amoy melon nman. grabi nman kau. ayusin nyo nman dinidiliver nyo NAGBABAYAD KMI NG MAAYOS!
May 18 ako nag.order. . . .to receive maximum june 10 daw. . .hanggang ngaun wala pa rin. . .mas nauna ko pa na.receive mga inorder ko at a later date than May 18 (puro mga COD). . .pero ung May 18 na order na binayaran ko na, wala pa din. . .upon tracking, nasa bodega nyo lang since june 7. . .kaya kau, wag na wag kau mgbabayad muna. . .COD lng dpat para bahala seller at lazada maproblema. . .wala silang sense of urgency kng bayad na ang item. . .cguro kasi walang makukuhang tip/pera mga courier nila. . .lesson learned.
 Bigla bigla nalang mag deliver tapos first attempt palang return to seller na agad kahit sinabi nila babalik lang daw sila hahaha
Napakawalang kwenta nitong LEX PH, nung april 23 ako nagorder, malapit na yung duration nung expected delivery time, hanggang ngayon naka In Transit pa rin yung item! bagay sainyo pinapatulfo dahil walang kwenta yung service nyo! kailan nyo kaya balak ideliver? sa isang buwan o isang taon pa! napakakupal na courier
"LEX PH .
Ano ba tung courier niyo ? (PAUL JOHN ESCLAMADO LUIB)
Bakit di marunong magcontact sa reciever tapos efailed nalang yung order ko ???? Dalawang order na po , siya ang courier at kahit isa walang dumating ! Tagal ko pa naman hinintay .
May nashipped na naman at kayo padin ang logistics partner"
"hindi ko alam kung failed naba or kung maddeliver pa ung order ko talaga.kc tinry daw ni LEX PH ideliver kaso nagfailed.
pero nung minesage ko ung inorderan ko. hndi naman daw cancel.
ano bayan wala naman makausap or hot line na pedeng tawagan d2.
na doble na ata order ko. kainis. 2k mahigit pa naman un order ko. "
Sana po kung wala na kayong gana mag deliver sa ganitong panahon, sana po di na kayo natanggap ng mga idedeliver. Hindi naman po mga laruan yung mga orders namin. Importante din po yun sa ngayon. Sana naman po maasikaso niyo ng maayos. Maraming Salamat.
My essential goods weren't delivered...in my address. You reported it as failed delivery, where as it was not even sent on my doorstep. Please give us the proper and professional delivery of essential items (med supplements and face masks)we ordered in lazada.I am tracking my items and yet NO Delivery on my said address came. Kindly check on this ASAP.
TANG INA ALREADY DELIVERED NA DAW WALA PA KONG NARERECEIVE. SAKA SAAN GALING YUNG MGA PIRMA NA POSTED?? DANIEL PERALTA CRUZ NAME NG DELIVERY MAN NIYO. MAHIRAP TALAGA PAG PAID NA AGAD YUNG ITEM. WALA KA NALANG MAGAGAWA KUNDI MAG-INTAY AT MAGALIT.
No text or call was received from the delivery man then delivery status failed agad. Updated naman ang address ko so not sure anong nangyari? More than 10 days na since my order date
"YOUR DELIVERY MAN NAMED 
ARMANDO CUYOS LEIS IS A THIEF.... KINAHAAN NYA AKO NG SUKLI WORTH 386 PESOS!!! PABALIKIN NYO SA HOUSE KO YAN NILOKO NYA G ABOT NA PERA SA KNYANA PWD!!! MAY CCTV RECORD KAMI .... SALBAHE CYANG TAO"
Almost one month of waiting tapos delivery failed kasi tagged as lost daw
Thankyou kay kuya Rider ng lex ph talagang bumalik pa sya para lang makuha ko yung parcel ko. Salamat kuya RUFINO DIONISIO GUEVARRA JR. Salute to Lex for having this kind of rider.
NAGBIGAY NGA TRACKING NUMBER HINDI NMAN MA TRACK!
pede po bang pakiaayos ang service niyo? puno na kayo ng bad reviews and yet prang wala lang sa inyo! LAZADA bat ba kayo nakipag team sa bulok na to? puro delievery failed?! sana may contact ang customer sa rider na maghahatid dahil laging dahilan di mahanap yung street pero mukhang una pa lang wala namang gnagawa!! GALAW GALAW babagsak din kayo!
God speed lex ph. God speed lex ph. God speed lex ph
Almost 3 weeks na ang ankalipas mula sa ETA pero wala parin yung item ko. They don't even update kung anong rason bakit delayed ang delivery, seems like they don't care about their customers. Nasa LEXPH Taguig na yung order ko 
yung order ko nasa inyo na 1month na hindi pa din dumarating sakin ! wtf ! di mo malaman kung mabagal process nyo o sadyang napakatamad ng tauhan nyo , or di kaya papalitan nyo yung laman pag dating samin iba na yung laman, pwede din palabasin nyo na delivery failed para naman kayo or mga tauhan nyo ang makinabang sa mga item , kawawa naman mga seller sa ginagawa nyo
This is standard by this delivery company, the delivery agent signs to say delivered, I refuse to pay upfront now because packages not being delivered, now all my packages get marked failed to deliver, after recent attempt by rider to charge me for paid item with totally different tracking number. This is after I filled in complaint form and attached photos
Ang tagal na nila pumick-up. Seller ako sa Shopee and since nag introduce ang hinayupak na Shopee ng penalty points, nagkaroon ako ng penalty point sa tagal nila pumick-up! I also lost sales dahil naman sa sobrang tagal nila mag deliver, ni reject na ng buyer! Now, for return sa akin yung items, pero guess what, ang tagal din bumalik ng item! Last year okay pa ang Ninjavan sakin, pero since pumasok ang 2020, they are super slowwww and very unreliable. SELLERS BEWARE!
Kung may negative lang sa rating. Negative rating ko sa inyo. Marunong ba gumamit ng celphone delivery guys nyo??? ni simpleng tawag or text hindi nio magawa? may complete address naman hindi nio kayang i-waze? Tapos sasabihin na Delivery Unsuccessful kasi may problema sa contact details? Ulul. 3 times nio na ginawa sakin yan. It is supposedly my gift pero sinira nio yung plano! kung pede lang magmura dito, hindi ko kayo titigilan... imagine na paulit ulit nio gagawin yan...Beware of this courier guys.
1 week na sa warehouse niyo s tondo yung item ko.ncr lang nmn padadalhan niyan wla pa sa kalahating araw..mahina nmn kayo sa ibang courier.
Attempt to deliver pro wala manlang txt or kahit mapadaan dito na ngdedeliver, bayad na ung item ko nakakabwiset! hindi ito ang unang beses mantalang mismong bayan lang kami! pang apat na beses na to!
Dumating na dito Cebu, declared by LEX as damaged item.  Pastilan... made of rubber and is very flexible...damaged daw.  Sana, Lazada mag-screen naman sa mga taohan ng LEX... ang iba dyan saan-saan nalang kinuha... Then, I observed, nag-resbak mga couriers ng LEX pag nag-cancel ka ng deliveries nila... Nakakasira sa pangalan ng Lazada at sa sellers nila... Lazada at LEX naman, imbestigahan nyo mga couriers nyo!!! Check with us, as buyers, kung ano sila.
Yong order ko sa lazada my nakalagay na na the item is already received, bakit wala naman ako narereceive, saan napunta ang items ko na inorder? Sa tagal ko na ng oorder sa lazada now lang nangyari sa akin to
Hindi nag attempt mag deliver sa address ko.. nasa ibang area na daw xa... Anong gusto nya ako yung mag adjust pumunta sa kanya.. nag bayad naman ako ng tama for the drlivery.. ayun automatic failed nanaman order ko... Ilang beses nato.. xa parin.. lazada paki action naman po ng divery boy nato.. nakasira sa pangalan ng company nyo.. for :Jeffrey baghucan cabilan delivery boy,kuya ayusin mo naman trabaho mo ..please lng po.. sayang mga order namin.
scheduled yesterday January 19 nkalagay sa App at ang Status nkalagay is Already Delivered pero wla aqng nareceived na Item at bukod dun wlng dumatng na Confirmation text or call ng Courier.nag pm aq sa Seller sbi ang Status sknya same dn na Deliver na,pero wla pa dn sakin nadating na Item.
tagged as delivered when i didnt actualky received the item.
They don't even bother giving you any update about the status of your order. For sure napunta na sa mga mahiwagang kamay ang mga parcels
kung hindi nyo lang naman pala fullfiled ang isang item bakit di kayo nag iinform sa seller! Nag order ako thru lazada of course then an tagal ko nag antay nun bigla nyong icacancell for the reason na could not fullfilled!? then inantay ko makabalik sa seller then pinlace order ko ulit sya then ngayon ganun nanaman din 3 days na pero wala man lng progress sa status!? Ano ending nanaman nito?? cancellation!? inform nyo nalang yung seller na hindi nyo naman mafugullgilled yung item para hindi na magpabalik balik ba yung item then at the same time hindi din umaasa yung mga customer nakaka mukhabg tanga!!!
"TANG INA NIYO LAHAT ORDER KO CANCELLED 
KAPAG INBOUND NA SA RIZAL BIGLANG NAKACANCELLED MGA DEPUTA KAYO"
SO YONG GADGETS PALA TALAGA HABOL NYO?! DUMATING NAYONG IBANG PRODUCTS PERO YONG CP NAMIN ALMOST A MONTH!?
Sobrang bastos. Instead of calling, sumigaw sya ng sigaw sa labas ng bahay, of course we’re all still sleeping dahil maaga pa and it’s weekend. Nagising kami because of her shouts and then she nung pababa na ako to open the door, she told me na “kanina pa ako sigaw ng sigaw eh”. I have never experienced something like this with other couriers. Pag maaga sila dumadating they call and they are very polite when talking on the phone. Napakabastos ng rider nyo. Would never order from Lazada ulit dahil nakakadala yung riders nyo.
san pedro kung pwede nyo naman na irelease . Dito sa legazpi city bicol wala na kaming narereceive na orders kasi tambak sa Sortation Center nyo!
returned to seller yung item ko! no text man lang, unreaponsive daw! edi potang ina nyo!!!Bat ganun wla man lng nag contact sa akin na dinideliver na Pala tapos sasabihin I update ang address ko or info e Tama naman lahat yun lumagpas na kayu sa santo tomas lng naman ako bat nasa Lipa Batangas pumanta.
Bat ganun wla man lng nag contact sa akin na dinideliver na Pala tapos sasabihin I update ang address ko or info e Tama naman lahat yun lumagpas na kayu sa santo tomas lng naman ako bat nasa Lipa Batangas pumanta.
Delivery attempt failed daw but wala akong na receive na call or text. Been waiting for the parcel for weeks
I didnt recommend this at all, the delivery man calls me for 45 secs but unfortunately i didnt notice him calling but after a minute i texted him but didnt care to reply at all. Sa lahat ng mga nagdedeliver ito lang ang tamad na tamad at walang pakialam kung madeliver ang item o hindi. Sana wag na kayong isali ng lazada bilang delivery partner
lex ph ang tagal ng delivery niyo san na yung mga order namen?! in transit pa din until now ang lapit lang ng location ko sa philcoa lang nasa Commonwealth lexph logistic pa din.
sa kahihintay mo na madeliver ying package mo itatag lang nila ng bigla na FAILED Delivery. Walang update tx/chat/call from them na on the way na package nyo tapos bigla nlng multiple failed delivery attempt daw. Sa mag oorder pa pag nakita nyong LEX Ph, LEL Express ang courier wag nyo na ituloy, aksaya lang ng panahon. Incompetent and very useless courier.
Due to VERY VERY VERY DELAYED DELIVERY. Slowest than the turtle.! The worst courier.!
Ang tagal ng package dumating ,ang pangit ng patakaran niyo ...nakakainis magship sa ninja van ,mas maganda pa sale xpost madali Lang magdating it Ewan ko
Never again NINJAVAN. Because of you mu dream wedding gown didn’t arrived on my wedding day.! You are the worst courier.!
Driver should have money for change
Sobrang tagal promise
15 days na hindi pa nadeliver...wala man lang update sa tracking kung nasaan na...buti magsara na kayo!!!
This courier service is very slow in delivering items. I placed an order more than 3 weeks ago and it still has not arrived. The tracking information is also very limited. Avoid this company!
20 days and counting wala pa rin yung parcel, mga bobo inutil tarantado magsara na kayo.
Delivery date keeps on changing. No one answers the phone support. Useless service.
cancel ko na ung order ko.King ganyan lang ang "service" nyo magsara na lang kayo.nakaka isang linggo na order ko wala pa ren.MGA PAGONG
wala naman akong natatanggap na txt or tawag sa taong magdedeliver ng item para sa delivery tapos sasabihing "An unsuccessful attempt has been made to deliver your parcel. LEX PH [Adriatico]. Hindi po magandang practice ng business yang ganyan.
Ninja Van is the worst courier. They should not be allowed to continue their services. They should be banned.
 4days sa TAYTAY HUB tapos ngayon failed to deliver?? na hndi nman pumunta or kahit text or tawag kingina kelangan ko ung item inaksaya nyo lng ung oras.. PESTE!!!!
Napaka bagal nyo naman po mag deliver june 8 pa nasa san pedro sortation center yun item ko hanggang ngayon wala pa din kalapit bayan nyo lang naman ako.
no kc po ng order. AQ. lging failed ngaun mghard lock down n
NASA LIBING KAMI NG BYENAN Q NG BGLANG TUMAWAG SMIN COURIER NIONG BABAE AT NKAUSAP S CP ASAWA Q,MAAYOS N CNBI NG ASAWA Q N KUN PWEDE BUMALIK N LANG DAHIL BKA GABIHIN KAMI DAHIL HAPON NA...SAGOT NG COURIER S ASAWA Q"PARA LIBING LANG GGABIHIN KAYO?!" BASTOS DBA?KAYA NAGALIT ASAWA Q
For 20 days now, still in transit pa rin order ko na bayad na. My other orders are here. From abroad pa nga. Yung phone lang talaga wala!. Please, check you site. LEX, di niyo ba nababasa mga comments ng mga clients niyo?
"Ice Crusher from Adventurers ksi po nainprocessed n agd the day iorder ko sya. Sbi hntayin nlng po dmting ung order. 
Gsto ko sna if ever icancel nio n s end nio pra hnd n kau mg abala pmnta dto ksi hnd nrin irrecieve dhl nkabili n po ako iba.
Nplaced ko po ung order ng March 7 then estimated date arrival po is "
6 DAYS NA YUNG PACKAGE KO SA CUBAO BRANCH TIL NOW DI PA RIN NADELIVER.. BULOK NG SEVICE SANA TANGGALIN NA KAYO SA LAZADA
kong order ko ay nsa inyo na pacancel po ako.order ko po sa lazada

"No because one of your delivery man was arrogant ng aaway at galit na galit pag diliver ng item kahapon sakin March 14, 2020.... supposed to be ang delivery date is March 13, 2020 nagkataon na naka off ako,pumayag sya March 14, na lang saturday...
 pagdating galit na galit..... yan ba ang klase ng mga tao nyo pls. i want to give a personal complaint to him, baka maka matay ng customer nyo yan..  trucking number SO0087051893... pwede punta office nyo, di biro ang ginawa ng tao nyo... di ma reach ung mga cp no. na nasa FB PLEASE GIVE ACTION FOR THIS....
THANKS AND GOD BLESS..."
Wala nga akong natanggap na text or call!  Nasa bahay Lang ako, phone ko 24/7open, madaling malocate address ko kasi maraming famous landmarks! Nakakadismaya!
My package arrived to your storage April 6 2020, ETA given to me was May 4 2020. Hanggang ngayon nakatambay pa din package ko sa warehouse nyo. Perishable goods pa naman meaning napapanis. Wag na kayo tumangap ng packages kung hindi kayo marunong mag deliver. Sana nag Lala o Grab nalang, within the day pa delivery. Nakaka dismaya.
 Almost 1 month na hanggang ngayon wala pa package ko. Walang ginalaw ang package ko.  Asaan n package ko? HOIIIII!!

I have ordered via Lazada and, the rider changed my items. He never return the money kahit sinabi niyang ibabalik niya! Basura tong company na to!!
when I don’t even received text or call. I was just in the house the whole day waiting for the order. Bakit ganon? Tapos can’t deliver the order and ibabalik na sa seller🤦🏼‍♀️. Walang balak mag attempt ulit? Ilang attempt ba dapat? The worst is walang contact number yung magdedeliver para man lang sana ma coordinate! Jusko! Kahit text man lang sana kung walang pantawag! Nakapa ****. Frustrating
in my address. You reported it as failed delivery, where as it was not even sent on my doorstep. Please give us the proper and professional delivery of essential items (med supplements and face masks)we ordered in lazada.I am tracking my items and yet NO Delivery on my said address came. Kindly check on this ASAP. Thank you.
Grabe first time to experience in lazada napakatagal mareceived ng item my God! Nag text pa kayo at nag bigay ng date kung kelan idedeliver pero wala naman dumadating until now
ngtxt ang courier sabi idedeliver today. nghintay ako mghapon walang ndating tpos bglang my email ang lazada n item not delivered because recipient not available. so tnxt k c courier n bkit ganon e mghapon ako nsa bahay wala nman dnideliver. aftr ilang minutes i received another email saying na my item has been delivered and payed. pano ngyri un
mag one month na wala pa din yung order ko
yawa mong mga pisteha mo,Bisan pa ug mag down ko sa inyo.You didn't text me or call me on verification tang-inang courier No to LAZADA.
no calls or whatsoever from March until now? paanong nagkaron ng multiple attempts kung ni isang beses wala man lang ako na receive na text or call?
gud way batasan Ang rider!. dapat I will received my parcel yesterday nya nanawag paghuman nag yaw². ge teksan pa gani Kong sa lazada ba Kay ako nalay pick up Ang letchi Wala mo reply!!!!!!!!
"5 days sitting na ung parcel ko sa commonwealth, wala pa din!! Sa fairview lang po kame, napakalapit na!
Mas nauna pa dumating ung shipment ko from singapore kesa sa package ko sa lazada, e mas nauna ko naman iplace ung sa inyo. May 5 pa yun hoy."
Murag paaboton pajud nila sa last day of expected delivery before nila i deliver miskin hagbay ra naabot sailaha ang package.
lapit lapit lang ng Simona sa Lazada Hub nyo sa Baltao. my God o tamad maghagilap ng address sa google map. mag waze kayo or tawagan nyo may ari ng parcel. meron naman contact number or text nyo na lang kung nagtitipid kayo.
I patiently waited for my package since March 14, 2020. Now, May 2, 2020, I just got an update na delivery attempt failed daw. Nobody called or texted me. Reason force majeure? Bakit yung iba sa same area ko nareceive nila ang package nila? Wala man lang courtesy na kontakin ako. Pangit talaga service ng LEX PH. May naencounter pa kong manyak na delivery staff. Iniwasan ko na lang at yung partner ko pinapaharap ko pag may delivery. Ang masakit dito, laging sa kanila naaasign mga orders ko. I have to bring this up to Lazada's attention or better yet sa DTI.
"Grabe tagal i deliver!! Mag sasampung days na wala pa

"
First time ngyari sa akin sa Lazada na 2 items unsuccessful to delivered due the recipient not available ang report kay lazada 😡samantalang ni txt or call wala
"ang tatamad ng mga tao dito...

"
Mag sara na kayu pls lng.
Kailan myo proprocess order ko? kailan nyo rin uupdate? dami niyo nang na abala and I am certain that I will address this issue with legally. Get a lawyer
Scam!
bagaaaaaaaaaaaaLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
I have business but my Costumer ask me to Lalamove Delivery
Magsara na kayo walang kwenta10 days na yung akin wala pa rin
Napakatagal mag deliver, lagpas 1 week na palipat lipat lang ng sorting hub.
The driver was very rude when asking for clarification on where i live. Very disappointed
"Customer service staff are always helpful. Thank you! Simply the best!
"
very good service and the delivery guy is honest.
the lalamove company, becuose to much people helping in the Philippines thank you
most corrup and unfair company,
Deliveries would usually take one week or more
"Kung may mas bababa pa sa one, negative na rating ng punyetang ninjavan nto. Sa lahat ng nakaexperience ng kapalpakan ng service ng ninjavan nto, gumawa kaya tayo ng petitiom para magsara na lang sila! Nakakabwisit

"
It help drivers and riders more convinient in thier transportation
because lalamove is a great delivery in the philippines
maganda at nakakatulong s mga tao
"professional services and instant delivery
"
"Because Lalamovves is a great and fast delivery here in the Philippines...
Subok at mapagkkatiwalaan for me Lalamoves is the courier."
lalamove for being alternative fowarding
fastest and pinaka baba na sf
napakatagal magdeliver! hindi matrack kung nasan n ung order!
May expected Delivery nga pero useless naman. May countdown nga yung expected delivery useless naman. Kami na nag aadjust para sa pick up wala paring update. Di lahat ng oras free time namin mga mamse
Anoh b nmn yn, 21 p ng Dec dpt nadeliver ang parcel q. ntil now wala parin!
Tang Inang Ninja Van to!! sinungaling mga riders nyo!! this is the 5th orders na walang dumadating na item sakin,..10 attempt to deliver all the items!! bwesit!!! walang tawag at walang text tapos failed delivery due to walang reciever at closed ung building!! mga gago !! 3rd floor ung unit ko, dapat kau tumawag kasi sarado talaga ang gate ng building!! tang ina!! mga sinungaling!!!
Been reaching out to agents and all they do is disconnect the chat.
AWB issue, always reschedules, and items delivered to a wrong address! Dont trust ninjavan
vkeeps on disconnecting the chatbox... my item was damaged beyond repair and i reported it right away... havent received any updates regarding the concern... very poor customer service and the escalations team will leave u hanging on ur concern... im going file a complaint on dti regarding this issue...
Lost items. Tried to use chat support and they didn’t help.
for drivers especially on expensive CoD items. utterly disappointed, obviously the drivers do not have that much "capital", but they are schemed out of their money by BOGUS buyers AND SELLERS! its been a yr since shutdowns and problems like these pointed out but apparently, nothing has been fixed by lalamove themselves
My order was completed but i did not receive my item! Customer service agent is also purposely closing the chat and calls! Very bad experience.
Lalamove drivers keep on cancelling orders and don’t look at the scheduled pick up time. Customer service will respond and activate the I understood button without asking me first if I have other concerns. They cancelled my order and rebooked at a higher rate which felt like a scam to earn more. I raised this to a customer service agent because early in the morning Lalamove customer service called me telling me that the driver asked to cancel my order and offered to replace my driver. They did but the price went up so I asked for the same rate. The customer rep Reyster made me wait 20minutes then told me that it’s because their coupon was only for yesterday. They can’t even override their promotions even when the fault is from their end. The agent just told me that then closed our conversation without even letting me explain further that it was their driver who asked to cancel, their agent who made the cancellation without explaining that rates would change.
One rider harassed my son by calling him several times asking for additional fee. Another rider demanded that we cancel the booking because he does not want to go inside the mall to pick up the item since as he said, it's a waste of time. We filed a complaint for both riders but no action from lalamove.
some are even doing extra mile service. Lalamove has been our preferred courier for more than a year now. Keep it up and keep becoming better!
Was on chat support for almost 30 minutes and ended up getting disconnected by your agent. Your landline number is also useless. I am complaining about one of your riders. I booked to have 2 parcels delivered to 2 recipients but the rider delivered both parcels to recipient 1 only. How inconvenient!
"He asked additional charges aside from lalamove rate of P113. Instead of giving me the change for P200 he asked additional P50. So he wants me to pay 250 and not 113! 
I Asked him why? then he answered unacceptable reasons. and to end the conversation i gave him P200. I was so disappointed. He even ask my friend for amount of P25 pesos fee for his cash out transaction just because he don't have available cash (one of the reasons he said to me also he cashed out and pay P50 so he's asking me to pay for it?  what a scam!) and He wants to pay it in gcash to my friend but its COD my friend don't have GCASH Account so She just gave the rider the said amount even if That's not right! First of all Riders should have available cash to pay for COD payments and asking for additional charges to your customers (pick up and drop off locations)  is very wrong! We all need money this pandemic but please!  please be fair enough! 
This is the 1st time it happened to me! I never encounter this on my previous transactions but I lost my Trust on your riders . So i will never use your app again! I will Uninstall it! Thanks!"
"ith no surprise rider ran away with 6400pesos. After follow up to lalamove, still no feedback, they said they can't promise for any compensation. Even i spent at least 30k every month on lalamove.
The guy has criminal record online that you can find online easily"
Di nagrereply sa text Simpleng mga what time po maidedeliver tapos pagtinawagan mo sasagot tapos babaan ka. Di din tinatry ideliver nagmamark na lang kusa sa tracker ni shopee na failed delivery pero honestly iniintay namin yung package kasi kailangan namin.
Had no way to report tye arrognt rider.
You need a lot of patience waiting for your order. Sobrang tagal po talaga.
"The rider lied and even told our customer he didn't know it was food, when the it was clearly instructed and the packaging is see through. 
We tried calling the rider to ask for an explanation and he switched off his phone. "
"THE WORST delivery experience today. I’ve been a customer of several delivery services and I can attest that Lalamove Philippines takes the top spot on the rudest delivery driver yet. 
I was the receiver of an item with Order ID 134631007300 this afternoon. The driver was very rude in his responses. It was as if the world owed him a bunch 
Had to get out of a meet with my boss; give the driver directions via cell call (from my number and at my expense) because he didn’t know the area; wait outside the street for him; so that, to quote him “he won’t have to go around the block again because it’s very far”. BTW I already gave him the house number. I don’t know what could be more specific than that!
Customers do not exist for the convenience of drivers. That’s why we avail of service providers... for the “convenience”. 
TO SELLERS, make sure that platforms such as Lalamove train their drivers in customer service. If not, look for more customer friendly platforms. Your customers should not be inconvenienced by rude drivers. Kung Sa Bisaya pa, makatagam! Better yet, maintain a pool of customer friendly drivers. Root out the rude ones. 
TO LALAMOVE, create a customer feedback mechanism for these bad experiences. I downloaded and went to your app. Your chat doesn’t help. It just told me to call the driver. Pray tell, to what end? Otherwise, people would just vent publicly in Facebook to your detriment. LOOK AT YOUR RATINGS! It’s telling you something far more than your bottomline."
suplado ung rider, hindi lng nasagot yung tawag nya, taz nung tinawagan na hindi maganda sa pandinig ang tono na pananalita nya, at sinabi pa ikaw ung kukuha ng items qng saan sya nakalocated,super bastos, suplado.. ito ung conatct number nya..09959719127,, and please bigyan ng action
Kudos to you kuya Jess, thank you for providing perfect 5 star service. I appreciate how fast, kind, considerable, courteous and generous you are. Thanks for helping me to celebrate my grandma's 40 days of death. You were great.
Hanep nagbyad n kmi delivery fee , pagdating sa customer pinagbyad uli ng 150 ano yan ?? sisirain nyo pa kmi sa costumer nmin dahil sinasabi ng rider nyo di kmi nagbyad
Super bastos ng rider nyo! Tama ba na ihagis sa harapan ko yung sukli ko???!!!! May saltik ata yung mga rider nyo eh! Palitan nyo na yun!!!! Taguig area sya! At sobrang bagal! 1week na mahigit yung order ngaun ko lang na received!!! Ito yung contact # ng rider! 09551249592 paki ayos yung mga rider nyo! Turuan nyo ng good manners and right conduct!!!
halos walang malasakit mga sumasagot,hindi nagkakaintindihan sa usapan...nawWala nalang bigla..kaya uulit na naman sa pag request....
WALA KAYONG KWENTA WALANG PROTEKSYON MGA DRIVER MULA SA MGA SCAMMER AT RUDE NA MGA CLIENT. YUNG CUSTOMER SERVICE VERY RUDE NAG-EEND NG LIVE CHAT KAHIT HINDI PA TAPOS ANG PAG-UUSAP. BASTOS PA MAKIPAG-USAP. WALA KAYONG KWENTA LALAMOVE!!!!!
"after I failed to say that he needs to pay a fee of 1k.. (That i will reimburse when he gets here.) I canceled and used Grab instead.  
1st time user! Hate this lalamove app"
kelangan agarang feedback sa mga customer
We have dealt with riders and customer service rep sending us hateful SMS after having disagreements with them. DISGUSTING SERVICE!
I would like to complain about a delivery to myself done this morning. The driver charged me more than the actual price ( P192 vs P92). Though it was a small amount, this is not acceptable. I don’t mind even giving a higher tip than that was added to the actual fee, but to falsely add to the actual fee is unacceptable. Here are the details of the transaction
Ends ur chat conversation kpg 2 mins k daw di nkpg reply. i talked to 5 reps. all useless.i ended up being charge for a toll fee outside delivery charge ng walang resibo. Attitude din ung driver, wen i ask for a receipt. Removed this app after my last transaction.
"Even if the instructions are in all caps. Once a booking is made, they scramble to accept without checking that it was booked for LATER!!! Happens EVERYTIME. One driver accepted my booking even if he was “coding”. Then they would order you to cancel since they can’t cancel on their end. BUTI SANA KUNG PWEDE SILA NA LANG DIN MAG CANCEL PARA HINDI KA MA ISTORBO DI BA?! Then you have to contact chat support yourself who just takes forever to reply. 
Such a complete waste of time especially if you are following a schedule. My cake delivery was delivered late because drivers have to cancel.
Raised this concern to an agent and was told “nag aagawan po kasi mga drivers basta may pumasok na booking. hindi sila nag babasa.” So tama ba yun?! You make an advanced booking thinking that you will be spared of all the hassle then it turns out to be more inconvenient as you need to go through the trouble of contacting chat support, input the details again, then wait for a new driver to be assigned. Your agents can’t even help reassign if it has reached 2 cancellations already.  Like it was my fault. VERY INEEFICIENT. COULD HAVE BEEN AVOIDED IF YOUR DRIVERS CHECK THE DATE BEFORE ACCEPTING THE BOOKING. HINDI YUNG, “ay para bukas pa pala?, “ay coding pala ako”, ay may emergency pala hindi ako pwede”"
"when it comes to searching address and you they can easily track your pick up and drop location prior to your given location
They are also fast action when it comes to minor issues"
not user friendly at all. if they will return to old app I will recommend it. I started using now grab to augment deliveries to my customers.
DAME LANG KUPAL NA CLIENT. LIKE NATAGALAN OR MINSAN SILA PA MALI NG ADDRESS SILA PA GALIT AMPUTA.  BASE SA MGA NAPAPANUOD KO SA YT NA LALA DRIVER. MGA HINDOT MAG BAGO NA KAYO. DELIKADO PAGGING DRIVER WAG KAYONG UMASTA NA ORANG PAGKATAO NG RIDER BINILI NYO

I booked a rider to deliver an item to a dropoff just 4kms away, I used my lalamove wallet to pay this booking, after collecting the item the rider became unreachable through calls and texts not even a reply from him was received. His location was also not moving for hours in the app, I called numerous times to ask him where he is and he needs to deliver the item, he replied HOURS later saying that the GPS was making him make turns and that he was just new, I checked his location 5HOURS later he was at a faraway location and even the following days he didn’t deliver the item!

I don't recommend putting money sa app. it only makes them so powerful that they can just cancel the service anytime
POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE
not user friendly anymore
BEEN BOOKING FOR ETERNITY NOW
Hindi pa nga naideliver .for rechedule agad ? Your service is not good enough . Bakit tinext nyo pa ako na may mag dedeliver ngayong araw kung rereschedule nyo dn nmn ... Poor service
rider did not arrive to get the item from the pinned location, but bought from different supplier without informing both parties.   misrepresenting that the items have been pick up already and on the way. 
Hindi pa nga naideliver .for rechedule agad ? Your service is not good enough . Bakit tinext nyo pa ako na may mag dedeliver ngayong araw kung rereschedule nyo dn nmn ... Poor service
reported this, requesting to investigate rider but per customer agent this is allowed by lalamove as long as item gets delivered. 
love it. i received the package and delivered it on time. to be honest ... of all courier i only trust is you.
agent is accepting reason ni rider na no info about where to get the item. how is this possible, you could not book without entering full details.
why bother asking to pin the location, contact number and distance rate. why allow rider to decide where to get on their own.  the rate was computed base on distance rate ng pinned location. if me problem, defective or fake yng item from different store. kawawa yng seller n customer.
Scammer! I paid my parcel but didn't arrived to location. I absolutely won't recommend Lalamove. Daming descrepancy! The customer service was incompetent.
amazing. Nice packaging of the product. Hoping for more transactions with you soon.
Fast and reliable service
your drivers must know how to handle packages well because it can affect businesses especially the small ones. I always use your service for my small business and this is the first time that this happened to me. I secured everything before it left the pick up location so this is very disappointing. I hope you can take actions for this kind of service.
fast shipping. i received the package and delivered it on time. can't wait to open my box.
Also the kuya I booked was very patient with me (I accidentally cancelled him) — he was very understanding and kept in touch since I couldn’t track him on the app because of the accidental cancellation.
The item that they should deliver is 6.8 cu. ft and I found out that it is missing. Do they missed place it hahaha NINJAMOVES? Very poor service!
"MARAMI NA NAGREREKLAMONG CLIENT DAHIL SA MGA RIDER NIYO NA DOBLE MANIGIL AT MINSAN HINDI PA NADEDELIVER, NAKAKABIYAHE PA RIN MGA GANYAN.
SALAIN NIYO RIDER NIYO HINDI HIRED NG HIRE KAYO LALAMOVE."
"No driver is accepting my booking even when I added 100.00 PHP tip. I wanted to get my items before Christmas but how when I can't get any service from you? I would've already used a different courier if only I didn't put my money in your app wallet! Now I can't even use it or withdraw it.
Please don't tell me that there were possibly no riders available when I booked because of the surcharge of order, the minimum wait time I spent before I cancelled my bookings was 30 mins."
WALANG CONCERN SA MGA DRIVER PARTNERS! HINDI FAIR ANG PRICING LALAMOVE LANG KUMIKITA HINDI ANG MGA DRIVER!
amazing. I got it on time. Their staff is well coordinated and very cooperative.
"Please train your drivers with good manners and right conduct, most specially, honesty. Last Friday, I bought a DIY ice cream from a friend of mine. Just like other delivery services, I got used to the practice of COD where the driver receives the total amount of payment (together with the delivery charge already). I told my brother to not get the change since it's difficult to have this kind of job. Let him keep the change. I thought everything was okay but to my surprise, my friend was not able to receive the payment, thus, needed to email lalamove as well. My friend also got to reach the driver with the mobile number 09954523697 and received dishonest and just false information. He stated that my brother only gave him 200 and asked for a change so I confronted my brother. The driver made a false accusation and he even forgot the delivery fee charge set (clear line of dishonesty). Dishonest drivers shouldn't be given this kind of opportunity to work.
Note: I hope that you'd be able to work unto this situation. We are still waiting for the bank transfer promised by the driver to my friend (the one who sold the ice cream)"
Inaccept pero hindi gumalaw, dko na receive item pero na complete order. 
Took 4 hours bago dumating order ko. Nag standby sa ilang locations for several times, mukhang doble rider siya (grab plus lalamove) dami ka orders kuya???
nanghingi ng dagdag kasi nag antay raw siya. Ha? Sa seller ka humingi kasi sila yung nag book, hindi ako. 
naghingi ng dagdag kasi nag antay raw siya, nagsinungaling pa na si seller daw nag sabi na sa akin humingi. Fyi, suki kami dun kaya nung tinanong ko ung seller, wala raw siyang sinasabing ganun. 
nag book for 11am (9am ako nag book) pero nag arrive agad ung rider ng 9am. Mind reading the instructions and time??
pinagtatanggol nyo pa riders niyong palpak. Pati ata kayo kulang sa training.
"Since the update happened, it’s almost impossible for us to book a rider. We have tried different methods already. Used cash instead of wallet, added tip still to no avail. 
We have trusted you from the beginning and I hope you know how vital your job is to online businesses these days. You have bridged our gap with our customers. But as you helped us prosper before, nagiging dahilan na din po kayo ng posibleng pagkasira ng mga negosyo.. our customers might lose their trust on our commitment. We just wanna know the truth if you still have riders or umalis na po sila so we will know if it’s time find another delivery company who can help us with our businesses. Just yesterday, we started booking by 11am and finished at 10:30pm. It’s an experience po nobody deserves. I hope you can still fix this before Christmas and New year’s day.
"
I was so frustrated with this app. It was my 1st time to receive my orders via this app but besides the delivery charge, they will charge you again if COD payment. That's how you scam your customers?
napaka walang kwenta ng customer support nyo kawawa mga rider sa inyo! tanginanyo!
most drivers are accommodating and respectful.
Poor customer service! Kakainis!
very worst service ..di na nga nahanapan ang address na pagdedeliveran nila,magpapa add pa cla ng fee to return the items..its so sad that they are just thinking of thier profits but no customer service..
"One even had the gall to shout at my sister over the phone just because he can't find the simple location pin. Such lack of quality control over the attitude of  it's drivers towards their patrons are appalling to say the least.
If you are going to avail delivery services, better look for other couriers. I wouldn't recommend them at all.
"
Lalamove is a life saver during this challenging times. Used it about 4 times this week to pick up packages and deliver it to my place. Hassle free.
Driver confirmed pick up and delivery but never arrived at pick up location at all. 
I tried to reach out via app chat, sms and voice call but driver wont respond and kept hanging up my calls.
Sent a customer service chat and was asked for series of questions and was promise to receive a refund. 
Sent another chat to customer service and confirmed no refund was submitted or any note of my chat issue at all.
for fast and good quality of service
I topped up using gcash and I’ve been asking the CS team how long it would take to return the cash back to my gcash and none of them can even answer properly. It’s either they reply late or never gave mea timeline. After my review 2 years ago, they still have a crappy application where you cant even get the money you topped up back immediately
very prompt and reliable. Their Mobile is very easy to use! satisfied Customer here! 
5 star kay delivery rider ng u.p campus, sobrang bilis parati ng delivery. Walang sablay, thank you.
always delayed!!
reliable and trustworthy riders.
I can’t track my order. Delay shipment! Total disappointment!
"nag aadd ng additional cost sa client
Nag ko close ng order kahit di pa na rereceived ng client ang items
Sa customer services very poor mag handle ng complain
Very one sided
Do not use this apps anymore! Sucks!!!!"
the courier indicates requested a change in delivery date then the next time return to sender, fck*ng lazy couriers
My order came before I expected. Thank you for the fast delivery.
"mabait mga driver
Reliable rin for cod / cash handling"
your customer support representative doesn't know what your services are, as defined in your website. I've been using this app for a while and that's the first time I've experienced that.
Hindi maingat sa pagdedeliver,
hindi niya dineliver. tapos ndi na sumasagot sa calls and messages.
You don't get booked unless you pay a bribe. Coz technically a tip is given for good service not to bribe riders to take your package. Riders can also be favorited and banned. I haven't seen a business promoting this hostility between clients and riders.

"Worst service ever! Nawala parcel ko sa kanila.. kinain cgro..

"
first time to use it, 3hrs total of booking, none... back to Grab
fast delivery
The first time I booked, my cupcakes didn't survive the trip. One of my customers recently booked for delivery. Different pastry, same scenario. Other delivery apps are sooo much better.Apps like Grab take better care of your deliverables. Do not trust Lalamove to do the same.
Grave ung mga previous review .. Natakot ako tuloy pero nung na experience ko na .. D ko na feel o na experience ung mga sinasabi sa bad review .. Mabait so kuyang delivery as in .. more power pa po SALAMAT
paghihintayin ka lang nila sa wala,honahayaan lang nila yung mga driver na kagaya ni dexter pascual,ingat kayo sa driver na to sobrang mapagsamantala, nanghingi ng additional 200 php at 80 php sa client ko kasi may additional driver assistant at driver carry daw sya,kahit tao ko nag load sa kotse nya at binaba lang nila dun kahit may tao naman magbubuhat dun sa drop off point,wala din sa order ko yung driver assistant nya,nagsarili nalang sya para may kita,nahiya ako sa 3 items na pinadala ko.
Walang anino ng courier ng ninja van na dumating o kaya manlang napadaan, pero ang nung chineck ko ang status nung item ang nakasulat is Item return to sender, request has been triggerred. Basura.
First Driver billed my wallet when he asked to be canceled! Second driver turned his mobile off during his delivery. It's been 4 hours and my item is still not delivered. and this is a food item! tried calling your hotline
no insurance, unlimited hiring and 200 pesos monthly deduction.
I say this because of my most recent experience with my Lalamove rider. He picked up my items at 1:30pm and I’ve been tracking him since. I noticed that he was moving away from the destination. So I called him and asked why. He said “May dedeliver lang po akong bag ma’am.” So I’m like, “okay, kuya.” Then it dawned on me... why is he delivering something else when I have already booked him?! Shouldn’t I be his only client at the moment?! (-Which CS agreed to when I asked them)So I decided to call Customer Service-we all know how long it takes for them to answer. By the time CS did answer, my rider was then at another stop! And so I was reporting ng my concern to CS who of course asked for the order number then called my rider. Upon getting back to me, CS said the rider only had a meal. Now, I would get that the kuyas need to eat, but in my past experiences they would update me in doing so and I would understand -no problem!

HAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE FOR A BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION. SUPPORT WAS BARELY OF HELP. Couldve been avoided if app was working properly. never got the riders contact number.
When I try to cancel my order, on my end, it says that it's already cancelled but on the driver's end, it would say it hasn't been cancelled yet so that's a huge hassle on both the buyer and the driver. Another thing is that a little while ago, I pressed order now but the app stopped so I press order now again so that it would work and maybe book an order. After a few minutes, it showed that I had booked 2 drivers which wasn't what I wanted. Pls fix this issue soon ty (especially the cancellation of orders)
"My parcel was on time and in good condition. Hoping for more transactions with you soon Ninja Van PH

"
 I had a transaction that never pushed through yet I was made to pay for it. Sent an email already and a private messenger but no one is responding..its been weeks now and this has not been resolved
every week for follow up, ang sagot lang ay sinusubukan pa din daw tawagan yung driver at hindi sumasagot. Take note, March pa ako nag pa deliver. Bayad na yung delivery charge at na kay driver yung item. Nakaka pang gigil. Nasa line ako ngayon nag aantay ng supervisor. Isang oras na akong nag aantay. The worst!!
worst customer service. delete you fb page. customer service is useless.
Lahat ng orders ko dumating on time kahit malayo lugar namin. Masipag at mabait yung taga deliver. Bakit andaming di magandang reviews?
Lahat ng driver laging walang panukli.
Thank you for being on service in time of crisis. Because of Lalamove my business is still on going..
They don't deserve any star at all. I'm a seller and they just misplaced my packages intended to the buyer. WALANG KWENTANG COURIER. PERIOD.
prices are too high compared to before. we understand that traffic affects the use of gasoline that might lead to higher prices but I don't think that applies to the current situation.
mga rider kawawa naman
Ang hirap kumausap ng representative. Pag hindi pa alam sumagot, idi-disconnect ka na lang bigla.
Titigil na ako sa pag oorder sa Lazada because of ninjavan. Napaka unprofessional ng rider nila, sarcastic pa. Wala sila pick-up center. Ako pa talaga ang mg-aadjust sa kung what time i-ddeliver. Bakit sa ibang courier, sasabihin ko lang na pick-upin ko...wala problema...then I can just go sa nila and get my parcel. Nakakstress!
Nagmura pa, di p nadedeliver/ napipickup  humihingi n ng dagdag bayad din
rider 2hrs na akong nghhnty. Regular naman kame gumagamit ng lalamove. Puro malalayo customer namin wala ng nagaaccept na rider. Inanyo
entrusting our products as a online seller to our customers. And I want to thank the driver earlier Jhon Carlo Racassa even though it rains hard and it flooded he still accept my booking. And also Sir Dave your agent please gave them commendation. Thanks.More power Lalamove.Godbless.
Nice packaging of the product. No sign of dents of the box
yung mga riders na maarte sa location, at maarte sa pinapadeliver. lagi na lang nagpapadagdag ng bayad. Kaya nga may wallet para online payment na lng tapos maglalabas pa ng cash para lng sa additional payment na demand nila.
Can you imagine, applicants submitted all necessary requirements and had undergone all virtual trainings and seminars. 2 months since completed the requirements but until now still for verification? This time of pandemic, logistics services is badly needed. If you cannot handle applications, better not to hire logistic partner, waste of time applying to your platform.
Poor customer service....
"YOU DONT HAVE A HOTLINE NUMBER FOR CUSTOMERS CONCERN? sabi nga agent. bilang masugid niyong, cliente. we use lalamove everyday almost 5x a day. 
nabasag ng rider ang item namin, only to say very sorry? paano naman kami? 
Meaning wala kami assurance, or protection na matatanggap if nawala or nabasag ang item namin? ang sagot lang sakin ng agent niyo, level 1 agent lang siya. sabi ko saan ako pwede cumontact sa concern namin wala daw kayo hotline? paano nangyari yon? ang laki ng company niyo wala kayo hotline number for emergency concerns?  hoping for feed back on us. thank you"
yung rider na nabook namin kinuha yung pera na bayad sa paninda kahit di naman nya dapat icollect. Tapos di na matawagan. Nireport na sa lalamove via chat at email walang sagot. Tapos tinatawagan sa customer service di naman sila tumatanggap ng customer complaint naka lagay pa sa auto response for urgent matter please call. Kalokohan. walang sagot na makuha.

walang concern sa rider, napaka walang alam ng customer service, sana may contact number ang head operations,
hindi puwede pag katiwalaan ito apps ng Lalamove .
I am super Happy because the delivery man never fails me super bilis lagi at napakabait
Always late to deliver. Don’t trust them if you need to send or receive an urgent package.
Sabi nireschedule and kinancel ko daw ung order ko pero hindi.. Lier.. Kawawa both seller and buyer.. NO TO NINJA VAN!!!!
Ang bagal ng process ng delivery pati na ang update... So sad...
"o the recipient in spite of several instructions to be mindful and be careful of the items being delivered to whic the driver AGREED.. dapat mayroong refund or damage fee since hndi na napakinabangan ang item.. to note na an EVENT WAS AFFECTED dhl sa kapabayaan ng driver.. no actions has been done to this moment by lalamove..no emails no chat no whatever
see before and after pics.. nkadikit yung cupcakes sa box kya hndi sya magmomove sa loob ng box"
Karamihan sa rider nanghihingi ng additional at mareklamo
Mga bastos rider nioh.
ang daming dahilan ng mga drivers nyu . sana di nila inaaccept kung di nila gagaiwn trabaho nila ng maayos . at meron pang inantay icancel ako ng kasamahan nya para sya ang sasalo pero may dagdag bayad ! at yung isang driver ang sabi ok lng daw na ireport nalang sya ! hindi lang kayo mga naghahanap buhay kami ring mga nagbobook nauubos oras namn kak rebook ! pinag lalaruan at pinagsasamantalahan ng mga driver nyu ang mga customers !
Also, the time I have a problem is that there is one rider that gave me 70 pesos charge even though other riders aren't like that. Anyway, I hope you can also improve your customer service too. Riders are kind so far and not rude. Lalamove giving promo codes is great. However, will update this review if something bad happens.

halos lahat nacacancel dahil walamg rider. pero may nakapagsabi naman sakin andaming nakatambay na lalamove sa labasan.

There are no riders at all.

delivery personnel is asking shipping fee which i verified sa contact center nila, not applicable to my case. raised the concern to their customer center via email, did not received a reply.
Landline bulok, yung chat support walang kwenta! I just need to cancel my transaction dahil cinancel ng store yung order ko but you guys are making it so hard!! STUPID!!!
person to receive it and did not reached out to me. i am unable to contact your rider and have no access to his phone number. we even paid him when i handed over my item. it says here that he delivered the item but the person who was suppose to receive the item never got it
Kung may negative rating lang, panalo na si ninjavan. Daig pa overseas sa tagal magdeliver. Magsara na kayo kung ayaw nyo magtrabaho! Namemerwisyo pa kayo ng ibang tao!
Thanks for your help in my business!
Worst courier ever!! 1week na delayed ang order ko and hindi nla magawan ng paraan ang problema nla. Better stop your business, it's only causing inconvenient to buyers. Not helpful at all.
sobra hassle mag pa book sa lalamove ..maganda sana yon fare nyo kasi mura kaso my mga rider na bastos
Deducted amount from wallet even though transaction did not go thru tapos pahirapan pa sa refund?!
"Iniwan lang sa guard house yung order q and then nag text nalang ng ""Maam dto iwn kn groad"" 
He didnt bother texting me or calling me where is my exact location!"
Not a good partner if your company needs courier service. Unaware of delivery timeline,
nag-pin ako ng landmark na sobrang lapit lang sa amin. less than 100m! tangina sabihan ba naman akong hanggang doon lang ang binayaran at pasigaw pa! VERY RUDE!!! ang dami nang transport service na bumababa dito sa amin! GRAB, LAZADA, SHOPPEE, 1st time to! please reprimand this very rude driver!!!
Their staff is well coordinated and very cooperative☺